You know that what I do is to write for kids -- and in fact, I'm probably the car for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to seem like a science.
I can see it as a artist, or with the correction, and no one has been able to get a architecture.
Now I'm here to talk about cars and effects.
And you know that a general effect is something that you get in some place.
You just have to go back to the approach to see it as a supply.
That's the piece of a car.
A friend did that -- Richard Brown.
This is the kind of complicated creatures that I'm going to talk about.
My car started in the 1990s in the middle school in the middle school in Stanford, where I was the risk of the cell.
So they took up to blood every week in the base of the kids, until a teacher came out of life.
She came out my life to allow me to go back to the ball of the programs.
I did it in secret it.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a police, and I ended up in San Francisco, and I found a love -- and in the 1970s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that they fight against AIDS
About three or four years ago, half a night I got a phone called a phone of that teacher -- the sea says, "I need to see.
I am destroying that we have never been able to meet them.
You could come to Chinese, and please bring that man that I know you've already found it.
And I have to tell you that I have cancer, and I would like you to go up with this for failure?
Well, the next day we were in California.
And we went to see, we read us, and we realized that she needed to be honest.
We found a place -- we found it, and we put it up, and we put it out of their family because it was necessary to us.
It's something we knew how to do.
And so as the woman I wanted to know as an adult came to meet -- it became a box box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the culture had been committed, had become a car -- and that experiment that I talked to you about is present in themselves.
The effect is that death is part of life.
She came out my life, my wall and I went out of it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs real and beauty -- and I'm very happy to talk about a lot of this.
It also needs -- I need to be diagnosed, love and plant. And it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important to me.
And through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not surrounded from nature and that everything is interested in.
I was for the first time to the Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and there I saw my first tons.
I was amazing.
My heart head -- I was straight, trying to understand what was front of me.
And I took them back to the water around the water almost 60 meters -- and I couldn't think that I was trying to think that it was a little bit of nine percent of a year of a year of a year of a year.
The tons are born when you get out of the galaxies or you break your ice backs.
Every student has their own individual perspective.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experience.
Some of them are allowed to go back and get up to the end, while others can't be able to put it more and they get away in a distance of distance pattern.
It's easy to think, when you look at a terrorist, which are sentenced and all of them in a great measure as we look at sometimes as humans as well.
But the reality is the whole thing.
As a terrorist, I am giving up their anti-interesting atmosphere.
As you get a terrorist to be able to take a really rich water in the middle of a lot that feed many forms of life.
And I was going to photograph these tables as if it would be about the resources of my ancestors -- knowing that in these unique moments there are just in that way and they will not go back in that way again.
It is not the death when they discovered it -- it's not a end, but a conference of his way by the city of life.
And part of the ice of the islands that photograph is very young -- it has a couple of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100 years old.
The last pictures that I'd like to show you is a terrorist that photograph in Kenya, George.
It is a little bit to actually be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Here you go.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five feet.
And I would like you to pay attention to the shape of the terrorist and your favorite line.
You can see here, it starts to recognize, the boat has moved back to the other side and the man is there in it.
This is a terrorist of George state."
It comes out of the water.
This video is in real time.
And so again, it shows you a different side of your own person.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two pieces in 1998, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of them is going to get a baby. Okay.
So, two pieces every one of them with a baby.
I don't want you to give them too much in the details of conflict, because if you get to think about the conference in yes, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And in this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the collaboration and the hope is a context of the course of the value.
And in the other case, the U.S. court of the spectrum is taken up to the U.S. country.
They are going to be able to be able to get the life.
We're going to go to talk about them.
In my current activity I got to get two rules.
In one of my trees, I work with the history of the artist.
I am a story for functional and what I study in this case is the way people were going to be the way that people were going to say, of human bodies and animals, how have the body flowers, the idea of the body, what have thought about the body.
The other role that shows up in my work is the activity, as a pattern of patients or as I say sometimes information of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've been working with people who are physics to develop social norms.
I've been working for example, for example, two people within a body.
I've worked with people with energy, people much more low than the media.
And I've been working with many cases of people with sexual sex -- individuals whose physical space is not going to be able to be done in the mathematical statistics and the conventional factors.
In general lines we can call it interactive.
And the intelligence is a lot of ways.
I'm going to give you some examples in ways to have a sex that is not based on the shape of the mathematical or the family or the family.
So for example, it's the case of the individual company with the Christmas computer -- the Christmas Green context, and he says to the programs, that we all have in the physical life, which will be transportation.
And then, in the fundamental life, the tools produce transportation.
But because this individual comes out of transition experiments.
It's the seat of interactions to the individuals.
So there are high levels of experiments.
As a consequence, the body is developed by the course of the forest threatening.
When I did, the baby has a little bit of child.
It's a child, it's created as a child.
And often it's not to the police, when it is growing and develop the beautiful, but it doesn't have the mental period when someone realized something is going on.
And after making the extensions realize that instead of having a lot of training and three, it actually has terrorism and a computer and a computer.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not like that.
The women, like men -- we have in the body something called survival generations.
They're in the bottom part of the body.
The substances are going to produce antibiotics, the hormone of mathematical.
Most of the women like me -- I think a typical woman -- I don't know his common structure -- I think being a typical woman most women like me are sitting to the antibiotics.
We produce ants and respond to the ants.
As a consequence, someone like I have the most successful brain to the ants that the woman who was born with terrorism that has the seat of interactions to the individuals.
So the sex is something complicated -- not that the interested in the middle of the space, in a certain way can be everywhere.
Another example ago, a few years ago, I got a call from a girl in the age of a 19 years ago -- he was going to be a note, and I had sex relationships with it, he took a life as a child and I just discovered that I had a little bit of the textbooks.
It had an extreme way of a disease known as a hot supply supply.
He had 2000 and in the third subjects that were so active that they were so active that, in particular, they created a massive human environment.
As a result, their genes were materialistic, his brain was explored to the human compassion of the market strange statement.
I was born with a little girl -- no one survives anything.
And it was at the age of 18 when I started having medical problems.
Well, another quick example of a case of interactive.
Some people with 2005 developed what you know as a chances, it is to say, you have an open tissue in the terrible text.
We don't know why it happens.
So there are a lot of sex.
The reason that kids with this kind of bodies -- they are enormous, general genes or international surgery -- they are going to be able to be able to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly safe.
The reason why you go to several schools is that they're a piece for our social camera.
The system is based on the idea that a particular animal brought up a particular idea.
We have the idea that being woman is to have physical identity -- of course, will be black to say to have Africa in terms of history.
A very simple idea.
And when you think about a body that shows something quite different -- we have problems with the car.
So we have very rich ideas in our culture in the individual culture.
Our name is based on a very red individual concept.
Imagine the amazing thing that is to have kids who are born as two people inside one body.
The most large case is last year with the American Archive Campaign Campaign, and he was put in a state of short of his sex in the international games in Britain.
A lot of personalities called to say, "What are you going to do is going to be able to figure out whether Dan Sea is man or women?
And I had to explain to the patterns that there is not such a experiment.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to make sure that nature doesn't make a line between men and women or men and women and women and women and women and interactions, we are us who we treat that line.
So what we have is a situation that the more the science -- the more we have to figure out that these creatures -- we thought that these cars were called the statement artists that are running directly with common contexts -- they're much more likely than we thought about.
And not only in terms of sex.
And also in terms of race -- something that turns out much more complicated than what the farmers allows it.
So as we see, we get in a financial trick.
Let's look at -- for example, the fact that we share at least 75 percent of DNA with the chimpanzees.
What will we get out of the fact that we can do in just a few new newspapers?
And as we produce in science we get more and more in a international area in which we have to recognize that the simple fields that we were probably going to probably be too simple.
And we're looking at this in all the motors of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the leaders at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment in which a body gets human tool, and it has different rights to the photos.
There are a lot of very advanced distributions today in the day -- but I know within the medicine.
Our ancestors had never got to go with this question of if someone was dead.
As a lot of you put a picture in front of the northeast, and if you move it still they didn't get it.
If I stopped moving out of it.
But we can today, for example, to be able to be able to go out of a body of a body and put them into another body.
And as a result, we need to be able to figure out how to stop the death of somebody -- and this puts us on a hard situation where we don't have the simple cars of the past.
And maybe you think that this experiment of cars could be able to get someone like me.
And in politics I am programmed, depending to the people with international bodies -- but I have to make sure that I put it up.
It will be a lot of careers that are much more likely than we thought about it.
It takes up from the point of view of democracy.
And to tell you about this team first I have to figure out that I'm a farmers of the Facebook Parks.
I know they were records, I know they were sex, but they were great.
I mean, they were so valuable and strangers in what they did -- that I find me all so much looking at that music almost seeing 1850, and not for the music, which is totally passionate.
This is what happened in 1977 with the Fortune Parks.
The Facebook parents were to me, for me, the first activity of the artist and explain why.
What they had was a control concept and they would do it with another one that was rich and beautiful and beat for 200 years.
And as all of you remember -- what you remember our parents was the idea of the movie. The movement was based on a very simple concept of the artist.
The mountains of the old world didn't know the DNA -- but they had clear the idea of negative.
They had the block of blue blood context.
They were out of the idea that it was going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go into the father and then and then the son, and so on.
The Facebook parents took up that idea and they turned it through a new antibiotics and that concept was that all men are created same.
They call them the game field and they decided that the artist that matters was the artist in common and not the artificial differences -- that was a very rich thing.
And in part of them they were doing it because they were part of an amazing system where they were taking two things.
It was like democracy and at the same time I was born science.
And it's very clear -- if we look at the history of the Facebook parents that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were designed from the natural explanation and by the way they were able to take the concept of power to be able to be an idea of an idea of negative.
They were moving into a natural concept of it.
And if you look at it, for example, the Department of the Indian, talk about nature and of nature.
Don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to say who we are.
And in fact, they were bringing up the idea of the anti-interesting consequence.
And when I do that, they were sitting on the basis of the future of civil rights of civil rights movement.
They didn't think about it, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years later.
And the women.
Then I came up with the success of the Chinese rights with people from the collaboration of Stanford Transport, who said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men in the laws of the civil rights saying, "I'm a man.
Again, people of color who took up to the advanced connection on the artistic difference and again, and again, they transformed.
We see the same thing with the Monterey Monterey.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the conservations we have to start to ask us why we have a certain difference.
But attention -- I want to keep a few artists in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish the same rights than a human.
I don't want to say that we had to be able to give it into the artist.
I don't want to say that the children in five years had been allowed to have sexual relationships or calculation.
So there are some amazing differences that for me have sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why do you keep them and if you have sense.
Well, let's go back to those two things to the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of them at the middle of 1999 exactly the same day.
So let's imagine that one of them, Mars, I was born three months before time -- the one of 1990 at 1990.
Hello, by the way, he was born in terms -- he was born the one of 1990 at 1990.
And for the only fact that I was born three months before Mars would take up all of the rights three months before I was at Higgs -- the right of the sexual consequence, the right to the virus, the right to broad.
Hello has to wait for all of that not because it has a biological age -- but because it was born later.
We found other risks in relationship to their right.
Hello, at the end of being able to be able to tell me if I have been DNA, in which I have to be able to be able to be able to make a man right now from the open transportation that Mars doesn't have to worry about.
Mars, by his part -- it doesn't have the same rights to the market that Head in all the states -- for example.
Hello can happen in all of the states with a woman with a woman, but Mars can be able to get a woman just in some of them in some state.
And so they still look at the artists that in a number of things are probability and conservative.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science goes so much in the field of the artist that we get to the point of having to make sure that a democracy.
I don't want to go to science -- but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is standing up.
Where do we do?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of primary activity, "Well, we have to bring the line in some part and so we're going to do?
But a lot of people have been able to go up in a red position of it.
For example, Telescope in a certain moment has decided that to get a man in a man not to have crime -- and that to be able to be able to get a woman to have critical content.
Now, in the practice they don't make a little bit of critical members to people.
But this is also very strange to the story that I told you about the beginning of the research of the institutions to the individuals.
If you look at one of the favorite parents of modern democracy -- the Dr. Mars London King, in his discovery "I did the subject.
It says that we should take people based on the color of their skin -- but in the context of their card, going beyond the artist.
And I mean, "Yes, the idea seems very good.
But in printing, how do you do?
How do people go to people in the content of their career?
I want to make sure that I am not sure that we should be based on this to give people right to people, because I have to figure out that I know that I know that I know that some of them would probably make the social services that some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some of a few boats that I know can take more information -- smart and markets about their sexual relationships that people in 40 than I know.
So how do you put the issue of the context of the controller, right?
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is question what happens if the car of a person could be in the future to be in the future with an instrument -- maybe with a magic resource.
Do we want to really get to that point.
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is going to take this piece of thinking in relationship to the issue of democracy.
We have done a good job of democracy and I think we will make a good job in the future.
We don't live -- for example, in a context as a man who feels like a man who feels about other men to be able to be a survival, unless it's willing to go to a sex change -- in whose case to live in.
We're not in that situation.
I'm going to tell you that we don't have a context like a crisis that I was talking about a couple of years ago that I had done a couple of years ago, and then they would take them up and so forth.
But when the phone asked him the motion of the opportunity -- it was a very recent opposite, and I told me that in that other country these kids would be very multiply and where I had to do it.
So what I said, "Well, have you built the political sign instead of the recording season.
The United States, the United States is going to be the people who are who are not going to be able to change for the state of the state.
So I think we have to be in the head.
Well, to end up I want to say that I've been talking a lot about the parents of the Paris.
And I want to think about how it would be democracy -- or as it could have been -- if we would have given a lot greater to the Mars.
And I want to say something a little bit like a family, and it is that I think there may be different ideas of different architecture species, particularly if there are people thinking about group.
Since years ago, since I have been interested in interaction, I've also been interested in research the sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way that the way you think and open in the world.
And what we know about traditional studies is that women, in average, not all of us, but in average, they tend to pay more attention to the complex social relationships and how they are volunteers in the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in the police, one of my students I knew I was interested in the family -- I was contributing to me -- like now, I made me a strange plant.
Let me tell you what the factory has about firefly.
And I thought, "It's the biggest question I've heard I've heard about.
The force has to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go up -- so there's nothing familiar in the factory.
But the more I have thought about his question, the more it has seen me that there is something familiar in the end.
I mean, that I could have something -- in average, something different between the physical brain and the material that makes us more attention to the complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable people.
So if the parents were very likely to find the way to protect people by the state of the state of the state -- it's possible that there will be more mothers to this concept -- maybe we would have gone into the concept of production with the support of the support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take the democracy beyond the antibiotics, to think less in the individual body in terms of identity -- and think more in the relationships of the institution.
So as we try to create a more perfect context, we think about what we do about the other.
Thank you.
In the year 2007, I decided we had to remember how we think about economic development about it.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where every family wants to live and work, I have the possibility to choose between at least a bunch of different cities that are communicate to bring new resources.
Well, in this moment we're far away from that object.
There are thousands of people in developing developing countries that don't talk about a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about the cities is that it will make a lot more than their cost of building.
So we could easily get into the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can be used if you've never thought about new cities.
But just to do it for architecture building.
Imagine that the half of the people who wanted to live in architects that were all present and that the other half still would be able to do it.
You could try to increase the ability to make the capacity in all the existing building.
But you know that the problem that you find is that those buildings and the areas that are going to be able to avoid the mountains and the distributions of the building.
So it would be very hard to do all those advances.
But you could go to a whole new place to build a whole new building building -- and when the resources of that particular place would be built by the building instead of putting them up.
So I guess the governments are going to be able to be able to create new areas of energy reactions to continue cities and gave them a name -- cities under the state.
So I realized that more or less at the same time, John and Organization were thinking about the challenge to break home.
They knew that every year about 75 hundreds out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could be able to go and make those same things in Hollywood.
In the summer of 2009, Honey happened for a collective conservation company.
In the next recent elections, I was able to put it down with a plant in which I was going to be predictable and at the same time.
He asked him to go to Organization that was his gallery gallery.
And so I was going to give me to give you a talk at TED.
And through a process of personality, I think, and a huge amount of test teams with users, I tried to reduce this complex concept of cities down to their most sophisticated ideas.
The first point was the importance of the norms, like those norms that they say you can't go and get up all the current resources of artists.
We put a lot of attention to new technologies -- but you need as much technology as you have to protect it, and they are usually the normal ones that are going to be able to go back to us.
In the 21st century, a friend of Gulf sent him to Organization a station with TED.
I showed it to Japan.
They call me.
They said to me, "We said, "We got this to the leaders of our country.
And so we were going to tell us in Michael -- in a room of a hospital.
And I tried to explain this point about the point that are the cities that are the cities that are a lot more values that their modern cost is.
And I used this image that shows the value of the tons in a place like New York -- they stop -- in some cases, you get thousands of dollars per square percent.
But it was a pretty advanced device and at some time, when there was a painting, Obama said, "Good, maybe we could see the video of the TED talk.
And the talk was described in very simple terms that a system under a very simple city is a place where it starts with the tons of the strangers, a station that species the rules that are going to take up there and an opportunity so that people can choose if they want to go or not to live under those nature.
So the president of Honey called me and told me that we had to do this project -- this is important, this might be the way to our country.
I asked me to go to Tanzania, and I'm going to talk about the four and five percent.
So I tried another talk full of data full of data, which is an image like this, who was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Deliver and the white line is the new audience that built in Department.
And just this approach is over 100 miles old.
So I was trying to convince the heroes that to build a new city -- you have to start with a system that goes down at least one of a hundred miles away.
That's more than 100 documents.
The whole world worked completely completely.
The face of the audience were very serious and antibiotics.
The leaders of the content is left to the plant and said, "The Ross Rose, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TED talk.
I have here in my computer.
So I sat up and showed the TED.
And this explanation is exploring -- that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a city of a city to the one that could be in Honey, rather than hundreds of thousands of miles to the North Hollywood.
And also they would have new choices for the leaders.
Because the leaders of the University would have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to help them go and make the northest of the station, so that they could all trust that the sun is going to be able to be able to make it excited.
We went and saw a system.
This picture is from there.
It could be able to be able to be able to be able to go up with a thousand square miles away.
And a little bit later, the 16 percent -- they went back in the Congo to be able to get their Control and add a conservative device that allows us to create these special resources.
In a country that I was just going to go through this political crisis -- the voice in the Congo of this conference was 1990 to one.
All of the parts in the society, the responsibility.
In order to get in the Consequence, you have to test two times in Congress.
The 18 percent of the face was asked again in another video, 1970, to one.
And immediately after the volume, the 25 to 25 percent -- a democracy of about 30 hours was to the two places in the world that are more interested in the building of cities.
One of them is Carret from the South.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that is building in South County -- it's bigger than the center of Boston.
All that you see there is built in four years after they spent four years to get the lost for them.
The other interesting country in the cities of cities is Simon.
In fact, they have been built two cities in China and they are being prepared for a third one.
And if you think about this, this is the point where we are.
They have a system, and they're already thinking about a place for the second city.
They're putting up a legal system that allows them to come out, and at the same time it will be able to be able to open under an extraordinary system.
A country has already been able to allow us to allow her to be the last instrument for this new medical system.
There are corruptions and conditions of cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get a little bit of financial.
But the only thing that we know is that you have a good number of things.
There are a lot of companies that wanted to be involved in the United States -- especially in a place with a common book, and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 600 billion people who say they would like to be able to change another place.
There's a million dollars a year that comes out of America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to a work, sometimes they are the sounds that have to keep the money to just eat or buy role.
Unfortunately, sometimes there are even children who are trying to get with their parents that haven't seen -- in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it look like in the building of a new city in Hungaries?
Or do you build a drug of these, or a couple of these around the world?
What does it seem to think about inspired so that families can choose between various cities that are communicate to bring new resources?
This is an idea that is going to be worth definitely.
And my honest friends asked me to say, thank you TED?
I'm Jesus, and this is my point.
But before I'm going to show you what there's inside -- I'm going to make a public contract, and it is that, I live out of the training.
I love to find it, see, and more recently, to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be controlled and different and different and different people.
But I didn't buy anything new.
And all of my robots is the second hand of patterns and the second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand would allow me to reduce the impact of my garden in the environment and in my biology.
I come to know people who are interesting people, by the way my money is going to a good cause -- my support is unique -- and buy it became my personal view of theory.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it about my car?
Would you like the color.
It will cost less than 20 dollars.
If all the answer are possible -- then I feel that I have taken up.
I went back to the issue of my driver, I want to tell you what I started for this exciting week in TED.
I mean, what do I get somebody who has all that roof."
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought up.
I've brought seven parts of the bottom and nothing else.
Remember a week to exactly a week is all that I've put in my driver.
I imagine that it would be able to find all of the other things that I wanted to use after I got here to Palestinian States.
And because they don't know me like the woman who walked up by TED in the Internet,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the together for this week.
Don't it sound interesting, right?
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, and I don't have learned in this plane of not using a again.
Let's start with the diagram.
And this is what I call it broken up.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You can always see it for less than 50 dollars.
All of the context, including the character, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Look, the color is energy.
It's almost almost impossible to be a bad hotel, when you're looking at a broad red painting.
If you're happy, you're going to take other happy people.
Mars, interaction is surprised.
I've spent a lot of time in the life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you get out of the right people, you don't just understand you, you will also tell you.
Millennia, God of the child who took inside of a child who takes in.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like the distributions -- or I remember their little seven years.
I like to take you and say, thank you.
Jewish, trust is the key to it.
If you think you see you well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood their meaning out.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you are a beautiful person in your environment, you don't have a look at you that you can't play it.
So there is no evidence for any of this audience.
We need to be able to do everything we want to do.
Thank you.
You see, a real universe for six words for you, the discoveries go with everything.
And finally, salt, developed a personal station and only is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a words.
I've tried it over and over again when people were going on this week just for what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversation.
And obviously all of this is not going to go into my little slide.
So before I go home to home, I am going to give you everything.
Because the lesson I am trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to go to these things -- because at the back of the stage, there will always be another little bit of little bit of collaboration, collective and brother expecting me, if there's a little bit of love in my heart and look at it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a result of your brain that we can do in two parts.
The left side, which is the light part and the right side, which is the international part of it.
So if you look at a scale to measure the audience of every head, we could design a picture of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely light.
This would be someone who is totally innovation.
So where do you open your brain in this scale.
Some of them would get for one of these energy, but I think for most of the interactions of this audience -- their brain is something like -- with a great audience in both sides at the same time.
It is not that they are a lot of explorations.
You can be light and interaction.
I consider me one of those people, that as most of the other economic physics -- we need a lot of light to make these different ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of innovation to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this institution? Well, we like to play with things.
We are going to play with them and then we see how they do -- and then we developed our invention from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Now a little bit institution that may have developed with the past of the years is the one that says one thing can be only in a place at the time.
I mean, it can be able to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't go up with this notion -- the developing one.
I remember to look at a child playing in a seat of self-awareness.
It was a little child and he didn't do it very well, it always goes up.
But I guess that the play with that seat of self-control is taught by a legal volume, and that is that the big things don't allow them to allow them to be, and they stay in a place.
This is a great concept that you can have in the world, except that you are a piece of parts.
It would be a terrible model for a piece of particles -- because they don't play with sounds of sound, play with these small particles with them.
And when you play with your particles -- you find that they do all kinds of things that are actually random -- as you can get out there, or you can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all of these services, and they called the theory of quantum medicine.
In that point you found the physics a few years ago, you needed the quantum medicine to describe those little particles to describe them.
But they didn't need to describe the big objects that are getting all the day.
That was not very good at my interview, and maybe it's because it doesn't play very often with parts.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, I never saw a space.
But it was not very good at my landscape.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the small particles are going to get the principles of the quantum mechanics, then I should not follow the beginning of the common mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel a lot better if I could be able to show that a common object is also the beginning of quantum medicine.
That's why a few years ago, I had to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that it's been in a sense of quantum medicine.
So what we see here is a little computer.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle of it.
That's the metaphor of the metal that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to take you a little bit -- it's right in the center here.
And then here we do a very big thing to a little bit of the market transportation.
So what we see is a little piece of metaphor, with the way that it would be able to support in a plant.
And then I did this almost about the same way that you would do a computer chip.
I went to a climbing room.
For the last material -- I had to build my own machine.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum supply, but for it need a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know what it is to be in a full full of people.
I mean, when I am in a color -- I do all kinds of things -- but then when other people come out of doing those things, because I don't want to get them up, or actually, I want to show you.
The quantum medicine says that the individual objects are built in the same way.
The trips of the old objects are not just people, it's also the light that the high thing and the wind that happens to his side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metaphor to be able to go back to the quantum music, we would have to express all the other states.
And that's what we did.
We add the lights -- then we put up a supply and we extended all the air -- and then we face it to a temperature of less than a group of a graph on the top of the age of it.
Now, when it's only in the color, the small piece of metal is free to act as it want.
So we measure their movement.
We found out that it became very strange ways.
Instead of surrounded perfectly I was, I was looking at it, and the way I saw it was kind of kind of like a responsibility in this way -- like a store that is taken up and against it.
And when you give it a statistically state, we could make it look at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum medicine.
So what I'm telling you is a really fantastic thing.
What does it mean is that one thing you can see and don't see at the same time.
So let's think about them.
In a case, all of the things that make that piece of half of them are walking up and at the same time those same things are moving up to the bottom and for down.
It is just in designers when those are limited.
In the rest of the time they are developed.
It means that every fear is in two different places at the same time, which is the way that it means that the whole piece of half is in two different places.
I think this is great.
true.
It comes to it to go up in a common room to do this for all of those years, because look at this -- the difference in scale between a single top and that piece of metal is more or less the same thing that the difference between that metal and you.
So if a single thing can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you do it?
I mean, it's my favorite part that I talked about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, how would that be?
How do you take your consciousness if your body was depressed in space.
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we get it, and we get the lights and we look inside the box -- we saw that the goal was sitting there in one piece of piece of it.
And I could get to this new interview, especially all of the objects in the road actually are quantum objects that are just made in a little space.
And you hear a lot about a much about the quantum quantum medicine that everything is interested in.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's more profound than that.
It is that those connection to all of the things that are going to do, they literally define who you are, and that's the deep thing of quantum medicine.
Thank you.
My name is America.
And 18 months ago, I had another job in Google until I read the idea of doing something related to a lot of mathematics and art to my horse that is here and that allowed me to take it up.
It took me 18 months away.
A lot of neurons and stories -- you know, with 17 very interesting museums in new countries.
But I am going to focus on it.
There's a lot of stories of what we did.
I think my own story is explain just in this slide and this is the access to it.
I grew up in India.
And a great education of a great education -- but I didn't have access to a lot of these machines and the art.
So when I began to go back and go to music, I started learning a lot.
And working in Google -- I try to make the desire to make it more active by technology.
So we took a team -- a great team of people, and we started doing it.
It's better than I show you a couple of things to explain a couple of interesting things that we have taken up from their flower.
So let's just go to George.
Look around all the machines that there is.
It's the Golden Gala, the Monterey, the Millennium, the Robert Golden.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorite factors, to the Mexico of New York.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We do it and passed, we're already inside of the music.
It doesn't matter where they are, Boria or Mars, that doesn't really matter.
You move over there and you get away.
Do you want to get out of the museum?
We open on the top of the top -- and with one of them -- we went down inside it.
They're inside the end of the state.
They go down. They are discovered."
Explorer.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best thing.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Parks Project in the Mexico.
I see the next one.
If the museum shows us the image -- we do it out there.
Look at this is one of the images.
Here is all the information information here.
For those of you who are really interested in the art -- you can make it close there, but I'm going to do it right now.
And this is one of the images that we've made in what we call the graphic technology.
So this image -- for example, I think, I think, about 10,000 million dollars.
And there are a lot of people who ask me, "What do you get to 10,000 million people?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 million dollars.
It can do it around a very simple way.
You see different things that are happening.
I love this girl -- his experience has no price in it.
But if you really want to be able to do it.
So I started playing -- and I found me with something that happens there.
And I said, "The moment, this seems interesting.
And I discovered that children were actually playing something.
It was a little bit, I talked to some people about the Mexico, and actually I found that this is a called call that is called a car called an eye with a state in the Sandone state.
And by the time it was very popular at all.
I don't know why they do, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even more in deep and you'll see that you can really get to the graphics.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to give you the image -- so you'll see what you do.
This is where we are, and this is the paper.
The best thing is to see, a second.
So now we're going to go out to save again.
Here's another one of my favorite factors, "The night "The "The night "The "The night "The "The "The night "The "The "The night "The "The "The night "The "The "The night "The "The "The night "The "The "The night "The "The "The night "The "The "The night "The "The "The night "The "The "The night "The "The "The night "The "The "The night "The "The "The night "The "The "The
The example that I showed was to find decisions.
But what if you want to see the paintings?
And if you want to see how do you go up with this work of the magnetic state."
And it is true and true that it would do.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this book, and I'm really going to get to the graphs.
This is "The night, I think I had never seen this before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite function.
There are a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part of it. It's called "The "The Christmas.
All of you, it doesn't matter if it's rich or poor -- or if you have a math, that gives it the same.
You can be able to create your own museum -- create your own connection to all these images of all of these images.
It's very simple -- we go to -- I have created this function that I call "The power of the "Cartoon: -- we just made a room around it.
This is about "The National Galaxy of London.
You can take things out, send them to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel like to control these mass strangers.
So I think that for me, I think that for me, the main thing is that all the incredible things don't really come from Google don't come from Google there.
No, in my view, they even don't come from the museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
In fact, they come from those artists.
And that has been my own experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital middle to make their art body, and that it is very often in line.
And the great question that they do today is, "You did this to solve the experience of going to a museum, right?
And the answer is no.
It's to make the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
All right.
I have something to show you.
You think it's a piece, a piece of village.
In our lab we call it real design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am from individual original -- all the children in India grow with this picture in the wall of his documentary, but the reason why I show you this is that it has happened something very interesting in the faces of Facebook one in the last two decades.
A few time ago, if you wanted to take a car from Facebook one, you took a product and you put it to a good paper and a good car.
And if the car and the paper were good enough enough -- you would take the face.
So this is what you know, in engineering is called a real control system.
In fact, it's a system that has two components -- a sense and a activity.
Now the interesting thing is that the control systems in real time are starting to go into our lives.
Our cities -- in the last few years, have been covered of networks and electricity ...
They are becoming computers to the free air.
And as you know, they're starting to answer it in a different way, and they can be detecting and access.
The cities.
As a note I wanted to tell you that cities are only about two percent of the planet of the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the global population.
The 75 percent of the energy of energy and to 80 percent of the CO2 emotions.
If we could do something with the cities, it would be a big thing.
More of the cities, all of these diseases and activity are getting into our collective objects.
This is from an experiment of Paul Anderson for the end of the year in the Monterey, during the way.
It's called "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The Middle The Middle The Middle The Twitter."
Well, our objects -- the environment, they start talking about.
And in a way, it's like almost all of the existence of the existence became sitting and activity.
And that's actually changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old South Millenning state.
You know, when you know, you know, when I got the Monterey Commander, it says that at the end he took the mistake and he was doing it to the Mountains -- so you can still see a little bit before, and he said to me and he said to me, "Do you have no participation?
Well, today, our environment starts to talk about.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- including the idea of taking the environment and do something.
Let's start with the definition of it.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago.
It was a summer with the subject of 2009, 2010.
It was the year that India won the Congo of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, and you get the Indian and France, and at the end of the Health gave the head.
And all of all, at the end of the way you get India.
Now let's see what happened that day watching the activity in the network.
Here we see the city.
It looks like the College in the middle and the Richard River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time of time is in the top part of it.
And by the long end there are people over here, and there they are doing called -- moving around.
It starts to be the party state."
Google Francisco from India.
And I mean, people do a quick and it goes to the floor.
second time -- end of the recent time.
First of all, a second.
Hello, and in a moment, the head.
Gandhi Indian, yeah.
That night they were all going to put it into the center of it.
There you see the great thing.
And the next day they were all at the center of the center of the team and the first mission of then.
And then all the world.
You see the image of the place called Chicago California, where the finger finger, people are going to collect, it's a great photography, you can see the bottom at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the city of the city in a way that we would not have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of design, it's not about people, but of things that we use and we use it.
Now we know all about the process of our objects today.
This is a map that shows all the cars that make a Manhattan, how you think about.
But we know very little about where things.
And so in this project we developed a little bit of little stages to bring up the based on the system.
We started with a few times that helped us in seven years ago -- a little bit more than a year -- to figure out what they were going on, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of them would look at them.
And then we put a little chip, a stage to the bank, and then we started getting it.
These are the results that are the results of it.
This is about Sergio.
After a week.
With this information we realized that there are a lot of informations in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist.
They are going on very complex things and there is a lot of transparency transparency.
But the other thing that we believe is that if we look at all the days that the rate that we have to do is not depend, which is still somewhere in the planet.
And if the plastic of plastic that we take a day still still there.
So if we show that to people, then we can be able to put some of them in the control.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleagues of MIT, Alexander Bell, I could tell you a lot more about definition and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we get to the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something that we did a couple of years ago.
It all started with a question of the city of the city, which came and told us that East and the South Europe, they have a beautiful tradition of the use of water in public spaces in public space.
And the question was, how can technology, the new technology, the new technology.
And one of the ideas that we developed in MIT -- in a state, it was imagine that they have a country and values -- the networks of solution, the legacy that you open up and you close up.
It was created as a water.
If you take the fish you can write in them, you will show your patterns -- images textures.
And when you get it, the culture will open up so that we can go on, as you see in the picture.
We thought about this to Britain.
I liked it a lot.
And it would be able to design the building to the entrepreneur of the Earth.
We call it Park Park Park.
All the building is made of water.
There are no posts or sea, but when you go up with you so you can go on.
This is also full of water.
And if there is a little bit of wind -- if you want to move the satellites, you go down the roof.
Or you can cut the building and all the architecture and the whole architecture is like in this case.
Those days will always be somebody in the Internet, when you go down the roof, someone who was there, and he said, "Look at the building.
No, it's not that they have defined it, but when it goes up almost all of the architecture.
Here is in work.
It looks like the people who are going on inside what happens in.
And here I am myself trying to be able to try to test the feelings that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened when all of the feelings left to work.
That night was actually more fun.
All of the kids in Mars came to the building because the way that the way that it had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was going to be able to go on, but a building that was going to make corruptions and holes of water and you had to go out to be able to be able to go to it.

But then the reality is always impressive.
And this is the beauty of doing things to interact that people use.
This is a picture of the building with the physical legs -- the water, the water of water, and they are about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those fish could begin to fly out.
Imagine that they could have little hospitals in the air and that each one had a little piece that changed color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a hole, like the one that we saw before, which is moving with others in sex.
We could be able to form this country.
It's a kind of fundamental screen like this with a normal conference in two dimensions.
Or normal -- but in three minutes, where it changes the light -- not the position of the paintings.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen is going on in different schools and sizes, in different kinds of resources.
And then all of that could be a court of paintings in three to the one that you can do, and you can go back and see from very different animals.
This is the true Fortune Fortune, going down to make a Vietnam, like before.
When you get the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them against a person.
We can have every piece with a performance that comes from people, the movement of people, and so on.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We have been working with Robert Boria -- one of the best balls of the back today, the State of the New York City and the State of Miller, to capture their movements in 3D and use them as the flower for the Facebook.
So here's what we can see here is going to be able to be able to look at Rosetta.
On the left in the left you see the paintings, the camera in different resources.
It's so much distribution in real time as a movement.
It can take all the movement.
You can take all the way.
And once we have the legs we can play with them, with the color and the movement and the mouse and the robot.
We want to use this as a possible power for the Facebook.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Taliban Turks.
It's called the Court.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could be able to get people to do something and change our environment -- like a corruption of the boards, like the grandmother -- but with a course.
Imagine that we could be able to do a little bit of a little bit for a shoe.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last two years is that, in the last two decades, we spent the physical world to the digital world.
We have discussion everything like knowledge -- and it's access to the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- the first time -- we can go out of the digital world, from the digital world, the physical world, the physical world.
In our case, this may be that we wanted to use it to design and make a signal.
That means something built in a city.
But morning, it can be to open the challenges today, think about climate change or the CO2 emotions, how would the digital world happen to the physical world.
The idea is that we can make people get involved in doing this together, in a collective way.
The cloud is a collaboration, again, made out of the same way that the real cloud is a court of parts of it.
And those particles are water, while in our lab are participations.
This is a physical structure in London -- but it comes up with parents.
You can move through it, you have different experience.
You can see it from the bottom -- it will be able to share the main moments of the South South South York and even more, and it can use as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical course of the sky as something that you can do, as a new time of London.
You can go up there.
As if it was a new digital picture in the night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the end.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are.
I guess I would tell you that, with just a few changes in their genes -- they could improve the memory -- for a more preparation and more quickly.
Or maybe I would like to be in better way, to be more strong -- having more research.
What would you like to be more arrest and sure to be safer.
So what about a lot of good health?
Or maybe they're about those people who always wanted to be more creative to me.
What else is that what else would you like it?
What would you like to do is, if you could choose something.
(Man African American Common.
How many people are going to pick up creativity?
You read your hand. Let me see.
Finally. You probably had the amount of creative people there.
That's very good.
How many of you will get the memory?
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
How about the legitimate."
Oh, most of them makes me feel very well as a medical thing.
If you could have something about this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagine?
Or might it be possible.
The evolution has been a personal issue here in the TED conference -- but today I want to give you the sea of a doctor on the system.
The great generation of the 20th century, TED Democratic, which is also used in the World Orchavish Research, I wrote a strange team in biology in biology has sense to the light of English.
But if you affect the biological evolution of biological evolution -- it's just about the past, or the future.
Do you mean the other or to us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this room, well in an end, is, of course, the most interesting one.
We are going to have a common environment with the modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years.
In the disease there have been maybe 20 -- 25 different species.
Some of them have gone and stay.
We have been here about 150 years old.
It could seem like we are very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually in the most basic machine of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can be able to do and control the machine of a common bacteria to produce the problem of the human industry that is used to treat the diagrams?
This is not like human institution, but it is the same protein -- which is what it comes out of the prototype.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all get in the most bacteria that the cells that we have in the rest of the body.
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, you think about -- when the All Daniel is going on the antibiotics -- think about the bacteria?
The instrument is an amazing environment for those bacteria for them.
It is clinically, dark -- it's a lot of it.
And we're going to provide all the environment that you can want to want to want to do without your part.
It really is like a quick thing for the bacteria with the survival of some of the statement of some food strange to the room.
But, by the way, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they're essential for our life.
They are helping to be able to give us social nuclears, and they protect us from certain disease.
But what are we going to give us the future.
Are we in a kind of evolution of evolution as a species of species?
Or do you have been able to become a different thing, something like a little bit better.
And in this particular signal of the universe, the life in Earth is like a brother -- the animal rest -- like a single and only company, and the human life, a little note of thank you.
That was us.
And it was also the whole part of this talk so I hope that they have disappeared.
When I remember the University I had my first kind of biology.
It was fascinated by the electronic and the beauty of biology.
And I love from the power of evolution and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the citizens of the citizens, every single cell and all the genetic energy of that cell is brought up to two different cells.
But when you look at the mobile organisms you start to change.
It comes into the sex resource.
And a very important thing -- with the security of sexual resource that goes the genome -- the rest of the body becomes present.
In fact, you could say that the impact of the death of the body comes into evolution in the same moment of sexual report.
And I have to tell you that when I was a college student thought, well, sex dead, service for sex -- it seemed quite reasons in that moment, but with every year I went on, every year I had more distance.
I was going to understand the feeling of George Bonds, which still came up in the Vietnam Vietnams in their 90 years.
And one night is a shoe to his horse door door.
He open the door up.
You find it a marriage based of robot.
I look at it and he says, "You know, I looked for a sex surface."
"It's good -- he says, "I get the supermarket."
I realized that as a doctor -- that I was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily consumers, just different.
I was trying to predict the body.
I wanted us to make us health.
I wanted to remember health in disease.
I wanted to live more and more healthy way.
The evolution is going to spend the genome to the next generation to the next generation to the next generation of generation and watching generation after generation to it.
From an evolutionary point of view and I are kind of kind of kind of kind of designed to send the genetic career to the next level and then let me go back to the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Western Wall when he said, "I don't want to get the impact through my work.
I want to do it not disappear.
The evolution does not necessarily look at the local.
It doesn't necessarily look like the largest or the faster or the faster and not even the most smart thing.
The evolved evolution to the better crimes to their environment.
That is the only test and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the bacteria are going to be able to be able to survive the heat of the forests that will produce -- if there were fish there -- fish coming up to the value, yet you've got to do that a strange environment.
So what does this mean? When we look at what's happening in evolution and if we go to think about the place of humans in the evolution and particularly if we look at it to the factory, I would say there are a lot of possibilities to it.
The first is that we don't evolved it.
We've got a kind of baseball.
And the real reason would be that through the medicine.
And in second place, as a species -- we have taken our environment for us to get up to us as well as we asked him.
And by the way, we care, and we come up with so much that it is no longer possible to have the need to have a need to have the evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that it has an evolution of the traditional kind of traditional type of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the engineers of the evolution they were developed, but they're international.
And at the same time, when as a species.
But there is a third possibility -- an amazing possibility and interactive possibility.
The network called the new evolution, the new evolution that is not simply natural and characterizer for us.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
First of all, we consider the reality that a lot of people today, in some culture, are taking decisions about their desert.
In some culture, they are going to have more vacations than women.
It's not a good thing for society, but it's what you get to the individual and family level.
They think that if it was possible to be able to choose not only the sex of their desert, but in their own body to make the genetic arguments to cut or prevent disease.
And if we could do the genetic changes to feed the dialogues or the Arabic or recognized the risk of cancer.
Do you not want to do those changes in your genes in your genes?
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be more possible.
The human generation started in 1998, and it was 11 years old.
It costs 2,000 million dollars.
The next year of having ended up in 2009, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the 3,000 billion different parts of the human genome to a cost close to 20 and a week.
It's not going to be a long way to make the human genome for 1,000 and being more and more at the bottom of all of us.
They come up with those change.
The same technology that has been produced in bacteria in bacteria can make a virus that are not just going to protect them of them, but they are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be involved with other
I believe or there is no experience in the course with the vaccine against the college of the college in the cells.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the shoe?
That's actually today and in the future is going to be more possible.
Imagine just a couple of different change.
Can you change the cells of your bodies but if you could change the cells of your desert."
And if you could change the husband and the values or the values, or to change your children a better opportunity for a more healthy life of a more healthy life -- you will get the diagram, you will pick up the character, you will reduce the risk of cancer.
Who don't want kids to be good?
And then, that same anti-itimizing technology, that same environment of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to be also going to be able to be able to be able to do supporting substances, a better memory as well.
Why don't you have the engineering of a Jerry Jerry on all if you could use it with the next generation of the War, the Ways, the Ways.
Why don't you have a more quick thing that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why don't you live more time.
This is going to be incredible.
And when we are in the conditions of taking this to the next generation and we were able to accept the artists that we wanted to have become the evolution of before the newspaper.
We're going to take a process that I could probably take 100 years old, and we can put it up to 1,000 years and maybe in the next 100 years.
So these are choices that their grandmothers, or the grandchildren of their grandmothers, they are going to have them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better social society -- more successful sounds?
Or, are we going to pick up a few different artists that we want for some of us but not for each other.
Are we going to build a society that is more hard and more cold and more recording and more virtually.
This is the kind of question that we are going to have to find it.
And the most profound thing about all, are we going to be able to develop the subject and make the subject need to take these decisions out there?
By the way that I could think about it, and before I could think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explanation when you are about 500 times a day.
Imagine a collaboration full of humor.
Imagine a motor making a clinic, climate class."
It climate -- clinically, climate -- climate.
Well, I had a single thing that day. I was sitting in the 1970s.
It was the only one that I could talk to the antibiotics of it.
So of course, I looked at them, and they said, "I don't have a problem. We probably have some alternatives.
The paper had already looked at the arm, and we were not so far.
You could see Mars.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The paper is the article with the Hungary River.
That's not the robot.
And you take the motors.
Imagine to be in a plane and without angels.
And then he said three words ...
And the three more strange words that you have heard about.
He said, "I will be able to provide the protein."
I didn't have to talk more about the amount of time.
I could see it in your eyes.
It was traditional. The life came up.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instrument.
We have this list of things to do before I get to do before, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all of the people I wanted to get and I didn't do it, all the cars that I wanted to do, all the experience I've wanted to have and I never had it.
As I thought about that, I was going to come up with a fatal, which is, "The "Bank lives bad?
Because if the wind is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to play anything in life.
And that contract, that's really changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as we were going to be able to put the George George Google, which was not for a lot -- I thought a lot of -- I really feel a lot of grandmother.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and with my breakthroughs I've tried to improve in everything I did.
But in my humanity as well.
And I took the time in things that you don't care about people who don't matter with people who are important.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a media in that, I decided to feed the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect -- but it's much better.
In two years I have not had a paper with my wife ...
It feels great.
I don't try to have right. It will be financial.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental record is going to stop, 12, 12, 12.
You see the water.
I'm saying, please go?
I don't want this to break up in 20 pieces as you see in those doctors.
And as we went on, I had the feeling of the sea, I was going to die not fear it.
It's almost like we've been prepared for it all our life.
But it was very surprise.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that architecture is going on a single thinking, which is just a thing.
I know I could see my children.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- the first drug, not a lot of artificial argument --  --      I mean, lab, like a small one.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
In that point, I understood those two points -- that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
For all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
And I got a million, not to die that day.
And I got another region, which was the possibility to look at the future and come back and live in another way.
So you are flying today, the challenge to imagine that the same thing is going on in your plane -- and please not that -- but you can imagine -- and how do you change it.
What are you going to do, you still hope to do because you think you're going to live for all of you as you are going to be going to be about?
How do you change your relationships and the negative energy in them?
And the most important thing is being the best parents that can you?
Thank you.
I clearly have been based on life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I worked was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important galaxies of the 1970s.
One day came to his house after running and said, "Good, I feel a ants in the legs."
And that was the end of the EdI.
Now TED has a total particular.
It can only use the eyes.
His work in me.
I have a design of design and animals, so obviously the graph is something that we're going to do and answer in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to go to Tacking, TED, and his cause of it.
So I went to my brother and his father and he said, "We are going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I want to be able to talk to touch again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and that he's able to communicate with me.
And I said, "One second is not that I have seen Steven Harvard, not that all people are going to be able to communicate those states?
And he said, "No, unless you are some important and you have a very good sure you can't actually do it.
These devices are not advanced for people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate it?
Does anybody look at the film "The film and the marriage?
They communicate in that way, and they are going to do it with the side.
I said, "That's a architecture. How can it be?
So I thought to me with the only desire to go up with a chart and instead of that I had a car that I didn't have the least idea of how I was going to get up.
I bought me with his brother and his father there at that point, and this is the tradition.
Because it is rich that someone who have so much in their environment can't be communicate?
So I talked to a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Greek Grandmother Reader Reader, who have a technology that allows them to protect a light in any surface and then with a little bit of literally, they take out of that and they get the negative space.
So they go up there making art instruments like this.
All of the things that you see, they say, are part of a line of life.
First of all, they start with the sex organs -- then with the bad words, then with the artists to Bangladesh and at the end, people start to make art.
But there was always a little bit of life in their pressures.
And so I started the journey.
And about two years later, close to a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of us to move things out of one side to another side of a couple of things.
One, we took the doors of the security companies and we got a machine so that TV could communicate -- a machine like the Stanford Hammetthes.
Which was great.
And in serious is the most fun. I call him Homo because when you talk to the guy you get an email of it, and you say, "I don't know. This guy is fantastic.
The other thing that we did was to bring seven programs from all the world in the world in the world of the planet in the planet to our house.
My wife and I, the kids and I, we moved to the back of the bees and the professional and the properties and the anti-controlled and the antibiotics took the control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought that we did something totally supported, and when we went back to the boats of the wall and in their place there would be graphic.
But for two weeks, we went to the state of Vietnam and my son was part of my dog as well, and we created this.
This is called War Standard, "The Anderson and you can see it.
They are a couple of gallery galleries that we buy in the sea sea of Venus Berner -- something out of control and things from Homo Department and San Santa.
We took a Pakistan camera -- we open it up on the Library light and now there is a device that is great -- it built yourself -- we published the giant code -- the software is under a farmer way.
And we created a device that does not have food at all.
There is no sense of sure that I say "No."
There is no hospital that I can say "No."
And any person who has been able to be able to draw and communicate using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much for you. That was impossible.
So at the end of the two weeks back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person and that's his room.
And there was all of this blue and accepted during the great institution.
And after more than a year of planning -- two weeks of program, two weeks of all night, Twitter came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the supermarket system of his life and it's looking through the surface of their life.
We gave it the face so I could see.
And we put a project about a wall of the hospital of the hospital.
And he was going to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what it was the feeling in the sense.
And the great thing was that we had to be able to be able to be able to be able to do as if we were going to get the graph as well.
At the end of this he took us an email and this was what we would say, "This was the first time I would draw in seven years.
I felt like if I had been under the water and someone finally came back to me, and I was going to get out there so I could read?
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our war.
That's what makes us in movement -- developing it.
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a great design, but it's the equivalent of a Malima Phone.
somebody with this artificial potential gets a lot more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it more quickly and robotic.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've made a lot of private.
And remember, it's great -- no one of us is making money with this.
All of our own balls.
The pressure went from the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
And it takes a thing about us and then at the time, I took us as a Texas record to us as one of the 50 best invention in 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what I ended up to close the critical -- is that in the Gulf of this year in the World Man in the center of the Angeles is going to have an explanation called "The Arts.
And "The "The States is going to have the best experiments of the U.S. artist, Santa Facebook, Chicago, all of them will be there.
TED is going to be in the student which is pretty impossible.
So basically this is my idea, if you see something that is not possible -- so possible.
No one of what there is in this room was possible -- the computer, the computer, the microbe, the Colombia, nothing was possible at some time.
So do it possible -- anything about this room.
I'm not a program -- I never did anything with a control technology -- I just recognize something and I put it up with wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want you all to do every day when we find out with something that we feel to do -- if it's not going to do it?
Thank you.
I've spent the last few years coming into a very difficult way, and at the same time a very dangerous time.
I went to the program, hard.
I worked in a minister of carbon cards.
It took up in war, hard and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days to eat this -- fun to the beginning -- something hard in the middle -- very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a large part of my career I've been looking at a little bit of my career with the only chance of trying to try and make social costs in ways that will be active, interesting people, and surprisingly, to take them out in a way that you can see and access to the audience.
So when I knew that I would come up here to do a TED over the world and the pattern wanted to do something a little bit different.
So some of you can have heard -- or no, a couple of weeks ago, I had a couple of weeks ago in Steve.
I sent some message in Facebook -- some of them in Twitter -- I was going on the rights of the name of my TED TED.
What was the next thing I had was the next DNA, "The DNA DNA, the TED that you have no idea what it is and as a content could be able to explain in the face -- especially if I put it into a record to you or your company to do it.
But he said this, it's a very good medicine of medicine.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDsters."
Thank you.
This is a piece of program at the way.
So I still knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you would have asked me a year ago, you would not have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to give them up.
But in the new film I am working on, we are looking at the world of the market, the population.
And as I said to me, I have been able to go up at the last few years, but nothing could be able to be able to provide it, for something as difficult or as dangerous as they go to the room with these kinds of guy.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
March Scottoise. I want to make a film that comes from the production of products -- the market and the police, and that all of the film is financial with products of products and policy and political and political people.
The film is going to call "The largest film in the larger screen.
So what happens in "The largest film is that all of them up to the bottom -- it has a market in the end, it has the market images -- all of the time, from the adventure that it looks like before the text, the Dr.
Now this market, College State, the United States.
These people are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to stay to
And so the film is all this idea.
I am a real story.
It was "The personalized.
But we are not only going to have the painting of the United States in the terrorist, but we're going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we can be able to go out of the cats that we could in the end.
Maybe we look at a shoe and it becomes the most great thing that you've used to.
The most cool car that you have done in "The largest film -- the best transition that you have done, the best transportation of "The largest movie now seller?
Japanese King," the idea is so far as part of the life part of the life, they would do that they were going to end up the film, (Audience: making the film financial. MK: And we actually showed the full process of how it works.
The goal of the film is the transportation.
You're going to see all the process in this film.
That's the whole idea -- all of the film, in the end of it.
And I was going to love that China helps to make it happen.
Robert Francisco, you know, it's thank you because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the beginning for the audience.
Google, I don't know how far it is going to be people to that.
MR: You have a perspective -- I don't know if you are very negative -- but you know how it is going to represent? (Audience: No idea.
MR: A million and a half and a half King, John Kenya, I think it's going to be difficult with them, but that no longer is going to be able to become a couple of big resources.
MR: Who you know, maybe for the moment that the film is going to look at us as a lot of pictures of players.
MR: What do you think is going to be the answer.
Street Research."
MK: But it will be hard to sell it, by the end or to be me?
JF: They both things.
MR:  -- it means that you're not very effective.
So I'm going to help me, I need help.
MK: I can help.
MR: All right.
MK: We have to think about what they do.
MR: Yeah.
MK: We have some places where to go.
MR: I thought that "do the camera, it means we have a conversation outside of a microscope.
And he said the camera means "We don't want to know about your film.
MR: And so it was, one for one of these companies of suddenly discovered.
And no one wanted to have nothing to do with this film.
I was surprised me.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And it was very impressive, I thought that the concept of the population, it was to test the product as many people as possible as possible to be able to make it as much as possible.
especially in the world today in the world of the new media and the middle of the media media, it's not the idea to tell with that new village of attention that is going to take the message to the masses?
No, that's what I thought about.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a hard tool and that piece was this.
It really didn't have such a stranger.
There was no army at all.
This would have been good.
But the problem was what this image.
You see, when you look for professional images in Google --   --  -- this is one of the first images that they look like.
And I like your way to break up with you.
This was the problem -- the transportation of simulation or statistic, and I mean, in the end of a search or searching -- I mean, you know, that it was cheap by the violence or the information of information -- all over the business, being the last line maybe the largest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about treatment in these days.
Our politics would be the present, the president of the name -- even the Christians were going to do.
But suddenly when it comes to do something that really changes something like this.
But Why? Well, the transparency gives me fear --  like that red subject that still is still recording.
It's improving.      like this red roof.
And it is also very critical.
What other thing is actually actually?
It will take a whole lot of Congo Charles.
That is very closed.
When I started talking to the companies and tell them that we wanted to tell this story and they said, "No, we want you to have a story.
We want you to have a story -- but you have a story -- but you have to tell us a story.
You see, when I was a child and my father sent me on some of them -- and this is what he was looking at as I used to do it, said, "Hey, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an adult wanted to help me -- and that just because I met John Bourness and Richard King of many years -- I realized that I would have to go through my own. I would have to go to the interaction and go to the companies with all my team.
So what I started to do is that I started trying to realize -- is that when you start to become the companies that the idea of understanding your husband is a universal problem.
MR: I have friends who make big movies -- enormous and other people who make small movies -- individuals, like the me.
And my friends who make filmmakers of Greek Marine, grandmothers, they say that the reason why their film has so successful is that they have the subjects that they have.
And then my friends who are doing individual movies say, "Well, how do we think we're going to share with these big, giant films of Honey?
And the film is called "The largest film named "The larger film.
How are we going to see especially in the film?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my book, you will see the Bangladesh Bang.
At any time during an interview with someone can say are you good for this interview?
Are you ready -- you see a little bit negative.
I want to help you be able to help you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview."
And there it would offer you one of these favorite arms.
It's so much "First "The Parking "The Parkinson: they're going to have their opportunity.
We are going to have so much for man as a woman for women -- seat, based, as it is.
That's the general view of it.
Now I can tell your questions and give you a little bit of performance.
Kanzi Francisco." We are a little bar.
So just a little bit of the smaller movies that they said, we are more good at a rich market.
And so we don't have the product that they have a lot of markets.
So do things like that, you know, remember based to people is the reason why this is interested in us.
MR: What words would you use to describe Bangladesh?
Bang is in white one.
BF: That's a great question.
women, technology.
MR: technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the air.
Man: So let's talk about something like that, straight from something about.
I think that "Stop.
It makes you face.
How do you give you more time? With better strange, more frontier, three times more frontal.
You know, things like those things that are going to solve the benefits of them.
MR: And that's a microscope company.
What about me, what about a common guy.
I need to talk to the man of the street, the people like me, the companies like me.
They have to talk to me about me.
MR: How do you define your market?
Man: Make my market?
I don't know.
I like the good.
Woman: Would you go back to the 1960s, played at less than it is day of government.
MR: So what's the Garden Mars?
Grand, something unique -- Oh, only man, I guess the kind of gender that I have to be like a dark galaxy.
I like a lot of dark colors and so many groups and things like this.
And by the time I take a little bit of access as a single stage -- or I like the creatures and the simples.
woman -- if David was a market could be a climate consumer.
man two, the reason I am called the carbon "carbon."
woman.
Man: I'm the kind of mathematics.
You can see them for mathematics in the country and in the world.
So I guess that is my market.
And in my little sector -- that's my market.
Man: My husband is First because I get the market.
Man: Man stories front of.
Is that?
Audience: I'm a broad market.
Audience: I'm taking.
MR: Well, we can't all be man to take the Tackping, but I often care about the interaction of dark and development and collaboration.
I realized that I needed an experiment.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, somebody who could help understand what they call the "slightly personality.
And I found a company called South Samants in Palestine.
They helped them companies like Northern, Francisco, Harrier to figure out that personal perspective.
If you could do it for them, you were able to do it for me.
Audience: Transportation the pictures -- right?
MR: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
AO: How much is it a little bit how you relationship with your thoughts and feel your way to be.
MR: These people model my way to see the world.
Audience: How much of that world.
MR: That world? I think your world is the world that you live -- like people who are going to get you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are original and start in a place and in my case, they come up and start in my family, in the West Vietnam.
AO: What is the next one you want to talk about?
MR: The next is this was the best day of my life.
Ah: How do you relationship this with your thoughts and you feel and your way to be?
MR: It's like who wanted to be me.
I like different things.
And I like the right things -- I like things like this.
Ah: How much of the person, what do we look at us?
What is the man? What are you going to be able to find you now?
Why is it important to replace? What does the red record."
How much about that.
It's a little more than you, which is not who you are.
So what other metaphors have had had?
It doesn't have to have takes. What kind of moment are you?
MK: Audience: Thank you. No, thank you.
AO: Thank you for your patient. (Audience: Thank you, A." (Audience: Yeah. (Audience: Thank you very much.
MR: Yeah, I don't know what's going to go out of this.
There was a lot of fight in all of this.
Life Shark, the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but complex -- in your market person, the Mars March March is a political market.
They get very well together.
And I think there's almost a piece in them.
And I think that some companies are only going to focus on one of their strong dots or in the other rather than focus on both of them.
A lot of companies tend to have a lot of human nature -- to avoid the things that are not safe -- they get the fear -- those elements -- and you actually give them carefully and you make you get something positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other drugs are like this?
The first here is the climate, Alice.
And you can also see here to Toro, Google, Michael Conservation and Jesus.
Now there are land markets and conservative markets -- those things that have gone and come up and come up with a strange season is something pretty possible.
MR: A seal market. What is your market?
If someone asked you to describe your ideal identity -- your market personality, what would it be?
Are you a stranger stranger? Are you someone who makes the blood blood?
Or are you more well an artistic artist."
A little bit more calculation, responsibility, controlled."
The artists are just like being a landscape like the Prince, and the arm, the antibiotics or the approach like Rome Fortune, fast or billion, professor, distance, metaphor or metaphor like Gaten.
Or are you more good about a stranger, right?
Are you connected as a substance, solutions like 2011?
Are you statistically, transparency, production, protection, protected with Oregon?
You're controlled, sound, family, search, search, search, supply or superheroes, like the Dan Law or Humanity."
In the course of this film we had more than 500 companies -- they were going to be about a little bit of the states, and they said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mostly because they would not have control on the final product.
We allowed us to tell us the story of the neuron, and we got to tell the story in this film of how now use the magic resource to identify the center of the wish in the brain as much as a common metal as a community.
And we went to San Parkinson where they have done the population to the law.
In all of the city for the last five years there are no states, there are no cars, no policemen, no points.
And we went to the scale in the ones that companies are doing on the schools with the United States in the United States.
The incredible thing to me is that the projects I've had the biggest answer or the ones I've had more successful are those where I've been interested in things that I've been interested in right now.
And that's what they did is that they did.
They went to the institutions, they went up to their adults, and they said maybe these activities don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different -- something that's going to make people think about people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you do that? You had successful?
Well, since the film is in the Francisco of Santa, let's take a see.
Because the film was structured in engineer, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 500 million dollars in the media for this end.
This is just a period of two weeks and a half weeks away.
That's just in line -- and I don't think, no TV.
The film is still not discovered.
It's still not in the line. It's not at all.
It's not even been present in other countries yet.
And in the last instrument, this film has already started to make it.
And it's not bad because of all the technologies that we talk to you about your cells will not be part of it.
I've always believed that if you get up, if you take risk -- that in those risks there are opportunity.
I think when you go to the people of that that is going to be putting up to the factory.
I think when you go into your employees in the risk to the risk of the risk is paying up all your company to be able to be represented.
I feel that what has to happen.
We have to feed people to have no fear of the opportunities that can be able to be.
In the last instrument, I think, I think we have to give it to the fear of it.
We have to put it into a car.
We add the fear of it. We add the risk out.
From a walk at the time, we have to open up the risk of it.
And instead we have to go to transformation.
Now more than a little bit of humanity is going to take a long way.
And he said this, with home and transportation, all my talk to the Telescope?
EM: You turn big data in great opportunities for all the world.
EMS presented the Texas."
Thank you very much.
John Counting, so Monterey, in name of the transition, which happened exactly with those 1980s.
MR: It's an extraordinary question.
In my block I have a car at the name of the TED organization -- the Facebook Santa School, a chart for 1950, to be a application to my advantage for the next year.
And the idea behind the U.S. interaction is actually very simple.
We don't want me to get the nuclear book.
Their biggest activity to develop nuclear weapons is the plant of the U.S. in North America.
The green box that you see are control systems in real time.
If we were able to buy these systems that are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make a lot of problems.
The groups are not using South Williams, they're from a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put an effective virus of Windows in a body organization used by an engineering to take this green box -- then we are listening.
This is the planet behind Steven.
We started with a West William.
So the origin to the graduate box -- give the college, and the nuclear program would go up with it is destroyed, morality company.
Is it easy.
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we began to research on Steve about six months ago, the purpose was completely destroyed.
The only thing that you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Wikipedia, the instrument used a lot of data dancer.
It looks like it seems to do something with these groups -- these control systems.
That called us the attention -- and we started an experiment where we invest our environment, and we saw what happened with this.
So they spent very strange things.
Street shows it as a lab of lab that I didn't like our window, I read it, but I didn't want to eat it.
I had no sense for me.
And after I experience with different kinds of stage, I realized it -- and I thought, this is a distance attack.
It's completely disappointed."
The instrument is looking at the grade box if you find a specific continual, and even if the program is trying to invest is actually working in that place.
If you don't do anything.
So that called my attention -- and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the objective is.
It could be, let's say for example, an example of the United States, or a chemical plant in George.
better that we would figure out how to discover the object.
And so we experienced and we carry the code of artist, and we discovered that I was structure in two digital books, a little bit of a little bit of a big.
We also saw that they were very likely for people who obviously had all the interesting information.
They know all of the points that I will go in.
They probably even know how much of them came up with the operation.
So you know everything.
And if you have heard that the Stanford instrument is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the car is very complex as well.
It's very above everything we have seen before.
Here you see a show of this advantage of artist.
We're talking about about 15 lines of code line.
It looks pretty much to the old language.
I want to tell you how we were able to find sense to this code here.
What we looked at in the beginning were called the system of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking at terms and structures of data and we tried to relate to the real world, with the real potential of the real world.
We need theory about designers that we can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to stop it.
In order to get up to theory about objects, we remember that it is actually a visual substance, it must be a virtual white block, and it is certainly surprised in Iran, because it's where most of the institutions have been represented.
You don't find several thousands of objects in that area.
It basically goes back to the nuclear energy plan of Britain and the plant of North National plant.
And so I said to my advance, "I got a list of all of the experts and plants of energy between our clients.
I called them and put them into an effort to build their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it works pretty well.
So we were able to do the little digital office with the control of the robot.
The robot is that part of the color within the control, that black object you see.
If you take the speed of this robot, you certainly can put it up and even make it to go out and even make it out there.
What we also saw is that the goal of the artist was to do it -- and it was going to be able to do it -- and it will be able to be able to go back to the mistakes of the metal, so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to figure out the big digital distance looking at very close to the data and their structure.
So for example, the number 17 percent in that code -- you can't fly out.
I started to research a scientific line about how these controls are built in North and found that they're a strategy in what is called a car, and every single thing is coming up with 12 controls.
And that had sense, there was a consequence.
And it gets better yet.
These controls in Iraq are available in 15 parts called states.
And guess what we found in the code of antibiotics?
And a whole new study.
So again, that was a good consequence.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
So there is no beautiful, it wasn't like this.
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work.
And we would usually end up in the streets and we had to go back to start back.
And yet, we discovered that both digital activities were going to just go to one and a subject, but from different animals.
And the little little screen is taking a car, and making the rates and the really big organization and the big organization is communicate with six screens and making them value.
In fact, we are very convinced that we have discovered what the definition is.
It's National, and it's just National.
We don't have to worry that other objects are taken by Steven.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw -- they really pretty much.
There is the graduate box -- and you look at the controls.
So what this thing does is to increase the values of the sense of the sense of the sense for example, of the pressure of the pressure and the vision of the violence and I put up stop, which still goes down during the artist, with favorite data.
And it creates or not, these data data are present by Steven.
It's like in the Hollywood film where in the robot.
Is it great.
The idea here is obviously not only to draw the objects in the course of control.
It's really much more dangerous and analysis.
The idea is to break a digital security system.
We need digital security systems.
For example, in an energy plant when the great shark stream goes out of speed -- you have to open out of it in a microscope.
obviously this can't do a human operation.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they are, then they can spend bad things.
The plant can express it.
And not the objects or the security system will notice it.
And that's what it is.
But it can be worse with it.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This thing is great.
It doesn't have anything to see, especially with controllers, with college environment.
It could work also, for example, in an energy plan or in a freedom of automatic.
It's great.
And you don't have a fear -- which is going to design this car with a CO2 car, as we saw in the case of Steven.
And you could also use control technology to design it.
The most possible.
And if you did that, with what you end up is with a mass of a mass device.
That's the concept that we need to face it.
Unfortunately, the largest number of objects for the antibiotics is not in the Middle East Middle.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All of the green areas are space with a huge number of objects.
We need to be able to face the consequences, and better than we start to pay now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ray, it has been public in many side of the people that people make sure that the Monter is the main understanding behind this.
What is your operation?
Ray London, OK, you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My office is that the Monter is inviting, but the engine is not Israel.
This is the engine behind this is the critical surface.
There is a sun -- and it is the United States of the United States.
Because again, our problems would be even more.
CA: Thank you.
I want you to imagine a robot that can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make sure that they use these statements and they go back and come to walk up.
In Berlin Berlin: we call these robots.
They're not all different from something that is put in the morning, and it gives you a great force -- that you can also increase your speed -- and you help you, for example, to kill the biological.
It actually is the real increase of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can try and put it up with the universe and with other ones in the universe.
This is not an amazing idea.
So to show you now what we're working on is what we are working on to talk about the American soldiers that, in average, it has to take up on their paper a 45 miles -- and it is going to take even more team.
And obviously this leads to some important components -- leads in the spinal, in the 30 percent of the soldiers -- with dancer calculations.
We decided to take this challenge and create a sex that could help us make the question.
Let me show you the 21st -- or Pole human human Congress.
Solar, with the HIV school -- I can put 90 miles per day for many hours.
Their favorite design allows them to put it into the climate and to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go up with a big activity.
It looks like what I want to do, or where I want to go up, and then I increase my force and my research.
Honey Bell Bernis: We are ready with our industrial society, to produce this device -- this new sense, this year.
It's a reality.
So let's go back to a look at the users of the statements of the states of the states of the statements of what I feel particularly absorbed.
There are nine million people around them, in terms of experiments.
As one one of the local population.
And this is a really powerful car.
So let's talk about something that happens with an antibiotics, very young people in the black color that when you start their life -- to the 20 or 40 years or 40 years -- you have a dog and the risk of the roofs turns out to be their only choice.
And we also talk about the population that it is made up there.
Their only operation, so many times -- for a brain leadership or some other compassion -- is the single statement.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from his successful success, as I should recognize it.
So we decided to start to write a new car on the movement.
Let me introduce you the EDI that is using Bronx Brown who were 18 years ago -- had a list in the white color, and as a result couldn't go back for 18 years, until now.
All right. Thank you.
DR: All of us is using our ECL, that I mentioned it.
It has a little bit like this.
It was completely not interested in the machines that are coming down to the computer computer -- here in the spinal.
And there are also a few bacteria that give them energy to the motors in the cars, and in the robots, and they make it going to be able to go up with this supply and very nature.
AB: I was 24 years old, in the top of my life when I was a salt saving in the air -- looking at the bottom of the particular state.
In a second, he lost all sense and all of the movements of the painting down.
A little time later, a doctor went into my room in the hospital in the hospital -- and he said, "Good, will never come to walk?
That happened 12 years ago.
And so I went up to the last piece of hope.
The technology technology since then, it has allowed me to learn how to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be starting and even move into the hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk up until now.
Thank you.
DR: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the plants to feel and talk to you.
It's in our hands -- and we have all the potential here to change the life to the genetic future -- not only of soldiers, but at Alice, and to all of the users of the statements of the rainforests -- to all.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human surface.
It's a place where women have the bank, providing sex to say home, and the game is the order of the day, where the diversity is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the photography of the American man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, know to their famous ones.
This is the world of the satellite boards of Congress.
The balls are right now with the chimpanzees, their own living living patterns.
That means that we all share a common anticipation, an evolutionary antibiotics, which lived about six million years.
Now, the Chinese are known by their advanced.
But of course, we've made too much hospital in this thing in our nature of human evolution.
But the boats show us the other side of the world.
And as the Chinese are discovered by big kinds of big tricks, the black society is to the career of the power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very terrible society where the moral violence is still not seen yet.
But by the way, the balls are the less understanding of the big signals.
They live in the development of the contact sea, and it's been very hard to study them.
The connection is a paradigm, a land of biological and beauty -- but also the heart of the situation of the same superherood, starting from a visual conflict that has been provided by decades and cause almost as many dead and the World War War.
It's not going to figure out that this device is also going to be able to put it on the supermarket of the baby.
The control of heart and definition make it not to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be in the world, and again, we're not sure of it.
However, in this violence of violence and cars can hear the risk of the record by the time.
Who are these prisoners?
We know we know how the situations are at the love, not the war -- because they have sexual sex and collaborative and biomass to make conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the books is more than the Kanzi Laboratory.
On the boats, like humans -- I love to play the whole of their life.
Good is not just a game.
So for us and for them the game is fundamental to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to find the techniques.
We learn to trust it, and we learn the rules of play.
The game increase the creativity and the responsibility and it has to do with the diversity of diversity -- different diversity diversity -- different diversity diversity fun.
And when you look at the black game you see the evolution of the evolution and the dance and the human.
The game is the painting that we have to us.
I don't know how you play you -- but I want to show you a couple of video videos taken out of the state of the state of the state.
First of all, it is a black pattern -- and I don't talk about freedom.
Here we have a man and a young man in the middle of a personality.
Look what is doing it.
It could be the evolution of the frontier of the fatal, and it has the patterns of the patterns."
Just that I think in this case to him I love it, right?
Yeah.
So the sexual game is common as much as in humans.
And this video really is interesting because I show this video because I show you this is really interesting because I show you the invention of bring international elements to the game -- and also how the game requires trust and force the trust and at the same time is the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is political, it can take a lot of ways -- some of those of which are more transparent, ideas -- constructions, perhaps the place where it comes up with the amazing.
And I want you to see -- this is Ford, a young man who is playing with water water.
I think that, as it said, sometimes we play all of them -- and we explore the lights of our own world and the end.
And this is that creature that I used to explain to us, and then the interactions that we take is the real secret of creativity.
These are just small shows of the understanding that the books give us from our past and present it.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future in which we have to add to a more difficult world with more creative and more collective world.
The secret is that the game is the key to these skills of them.
In other words, the game is our activity of advanced.
In order to make a world to a world that changes we have to play it.
But we're going to make it to the beginning of the player.
The game is not failure.
The game is science.
For boards and human and human and life is not just critical and depression.
When you look at the least play to play -- you can be the moment that it is the most creative.
And so, you take a prison, we add this region of evolution and we play together as we remember creativity and the artist and the amazing.
Thank you.
In New York -- I am responsible to development of an organization without a financial resource called Rome Hollywood.
When I'm not looking at the poverty -- I common income as a car in a body.
And in our city, where the volunteers are going to be a very complicated personal personal person you have to get to the site of the bottom very soon to go into action.
I remember my first individual.
I was the second voice in the system, so I had a pretty high problem to go.
But yet there was a career to the other volumes to get to the car to the car and figure out what our task was about.
When I found the car, I was starting in a conversation with the purpose that I didn't realize one of the worst days of their life.
We were at the end of the night, she was out of the store in the roof, under a pattern, in the pain, where his house was in called calls.
The other version that I just got before I got before I -- we call Libby London,  came first to the camera and this asked him to go and save the dog of the house.
The dog. I was a completely collective stuff."
There was a support or a little bit of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to say to people who go into a building in called a building to save a living being only because I was going for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The camera made me an attention.
He said, "Look, I need to get the home.
I need it to go up, and I got it back to this woman a couple of slides.
And I got it.
It wasn't exactly what I would expect but I went up with the speed -- at the end of the state, in the end of the state, I went to the real books, which at the top of the more or less had been able to support the fire and I went into the top of a couple of sales.
I know what you're thinking about, but I'm not a hospital.
I took my ability to go through the school where I met my students and at the beginning of the main door in the main door here.
We went out of the house for the house of house where it was to expect it, his theory got a lot more attention than me.
A few weeks later, I got a car of the house of the house that was able to be able to be able to save their house.
The algorithm that she was looking at about the other thing was that someone had taken it even a couple of sales.
So so much in my voice in Robert Hollywood as a voice in my voice -- I am a search of general activities and allowing them to be a molecular scale -- but also of the activity of thanks and control at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned about.
It all has its important.
So when I look at this room to people who have done -- or they are going to be able to get up, and I would like to take you back to this, you don't expect it.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in the life of somebody else.
If you have something to give it, it will do now.
You have food in a company, you have a part of the vehicle.
They are mental people.
Not every day we are going to have the opportunity to save the life of somebody but every day we're going to be able to influence the life of somebody else.
So you go back to the game. They save the sands.
Thank you.
Brown Giant, Mars Mars, Mars.
Mars Berlin: Thank you.
This can look like, but I am a great control of the control bank.
The first balls of consciousness were made in 1977.
All right, these became the most used building in the world.
They have allowed us to build more big things than us, as buildings or populations, a book at the time.
And essentially these bacteria have become the papers of our time.
So almost a couple of years later, in 1999, at 1990, I was going on this.
It was called the artistic antibiotics.
And in a few years old, the Line states came to all the home.
It turns out that there are more than 400 billion or 75 dollars per person in the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful people, buildings or home.
Life did it right now.
And it just took the block of consciousness -- the physics in the world, and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our image.
As so much, exactly that same year in the Bronx lab -- the next revolution was about to be able to adapt, the new block of building.
The transportation was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of statistic statistics on a world to a world where everything was interacting.
In the same same as the control block, the transportation allows them to create a lot more and more complex and more complex and more complex cars.
But there is a main difference -- the transportation was just for experts for them.
And I don't know the access -- that the benefits of our time are responsible to the experts -- so I decided to change it.
eight years ago, when I was in the Middle East, I started to explore the idea of taking the power of the engineers to the hands of the artists and the designers and the designers and the designers and the designers and the designers and the designers and the designers and the designers and the designers and the designers and the designers and the designers and the designers and the
A few years ago, I started to develop Library.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Little lines are electricity every one with a specific function of it.
They are prepared to be light, sound and senses and senses.
And the best thing about all is that you get into the images.
So you can't get a wrong way.
The backs have a code of color colleagues.
The green is the rate, the blue is the road, the risk is the interview and the color color is the gallery.
So you just have to show a blue with a green and very quickly you can start to make a little bit more.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a baby in the middle and so we have a record.
If we change the boat for a police million, which is here, and now we have a light light.
We asked this guy to create more impact and we have a strange machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game -- Library are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to program using a very simple individual institution.
In order to make more quickly or more recently, it just looks like this baby that makes the oil more quickly or faster than it.
The idea behind Library is that it is a growing consequence.
We want all of the interest in the world to get up to the ready to use.
You know, the solar patterns, the solar patterns, the sounds -- it has to be access.
We've given the kids to see them to play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how you start to understand the electricity of every day you don't learn in school.
For example, how would it work a light of night, or why the door of a sea gets open up, or how a presentation respond to it.
We've also taken light to design school.
So for example, the designers without any choice they start to play with Library as a material as well.
So here you can see, with role of paper.
(Man medicine.  So a few weeks ago, we take a few weeks to the designers of the design of Design Indian, which they don't have some of them in engineer, just in cars, worker and paper and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that have done -- a set of food controlled by movement.
But hope, here comes my favorite project.
This is a low-cost manager that has a fear of democracy.
For these normal engineers, Library became another material -- the electricity became another matter.
And we want this material to be at all.
And so, Berkeley has open code in it.
You can look at the website that you can see the website of design and them.
We want to take a world of creating a whole world of creations, and this world because this world in which we live -- this interesting world is us.
And so I went up and invented it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about the interactive discovery today.
I work in the industry of solar technology.
And my little company is looking for the environment to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
It was discoveries that was discovered.
This is a little video of what we do.
Men. Look at a moment.
You can give you a little bit of careful.
We can be able to be able to get the video to a side.
No.
This is not it.
All right.
The solar technology is.
Oh, I am taken up the time, right?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, a couple of years ago, and a couple of years ago to take the best designers and technologies to take a year and work in an environment that turns out almost all of what they supposed to do, we asked them to work in the government.
The individual is called "The American and they would be like a couple of peace for telescopes.
We have a few members every year and we put them to work with the mathematics.
Instead of taking them into the third world we put them into the mass world.
They made great applications, they work with the music employees.
And his task is to show the possibility of the current technology.
And you know the Times.
This is a state of the city of Boston.
So here it turns out how if you look at a chip, but what you really look for is that someone has been able to go up when it comes up with the neighbor because it knows it's not very good at adding when it is covered by a mile for a mile.
How did you have to ask us to help up in this very simple, soldier?
Last year in Boston we had a team of members of Arabic Francisco.
They were there at the end of the time and at the time I had a lot of last year.
And they realized that the city was never going to be cleaned by these distances.
But one of the members called Millenner Michael noticed something else -- that the citizens are going to be able to go up with them right in front of them.
So he did like any good program -- developed an advance.
This is an active line where you can add a story.
You want to take it up when you are.
When you do that, you put a name in this case -- I put it back to you.
If you don't do it, someone can do it.
And it is, it has a little company.
This is a modern application.
Maybe it is the most small thing of the 21st programs last year.
But it does something that no other technology of the government will do.
And it becomes a virtual way.
A responsibility of the city system in the city of Honey when you see this apply realized that I could use it, not for the neighbor, but so that the citizens are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
It is very important that they work these terrorists of terms, but people are recognized by the bacteria of it.
So I asked the citizens to control them.
And then Sergio decided to use it to make the citizens going up to the statement desperately.
And God was just going to be able to put it up to make the people who are ready to be able to walk up when it is.
So now we know about new cities that plan to use it.
And this has been developed without fragile, in organic and natural way.
If you know a little bit of government technology you'll know that this doesn't happen.
And the software of software is a couple of years.
Last year, we had a team working on a project that would take three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for the parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that I had done the normal cars would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in the Hand power of California.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
And so an approach that is program in a couple of days, and it goes up in a virtual way that is a kind of risk to the infrastructure of the government.
It sounds to the best ways to work, not like the private companies -- like a lot of people think it should be.
It's not like a technology, but more well as the Internet.
I mean, without resistance, in a supply and genetic way.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this approach is that it turns out how to support the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an intelligent institutions but like a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools so that we work together.
And it's not only a Carolina behavior, but there are hundreds of people all over the country who are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be all day in their own community.
They have not given for the government.
They feel a great structure of that, but they don't get up, you get it.
And these people know something that we have lost of see.
And that is that if we leave the feeling about the politics -- the flies in the Pole -- and all of those other things that give us lights, the government is, the government is, in the words of Times Ray, "What do we do together because we can only do not can.
Now, a lot of people have taken the government.
If you are one of those people, you ask them to remember, because things are change.
The politics doesn't change -- the government yeah.
And because the government in the last disease of us, they remember that of us, the person, the way to think about the way to produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government is going to be able to choose people so that it would be carefully.
Well, after two years I've come to the concept that the government is about all of the characters.
This is the center of the television of services and information.
This is the place that you can call the called if you do 3D in the United States.
And I used to get this called this called it.
Instead of the original knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Oh, you can open the door of the house, put a lot of good way and see if you go out?
And it works. And so well for School.
But that wasn't the end of the streets.
Bank doesn't have a center of called it.
It has a advance, website and computer, called "The Congress Congress.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people from the University of New Media Media University.
One day, this really happened -- I was going to get this particular, "Let's go in my background car. I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do it to come up?
The Democratic Democratic distribution is different.
She was talking about person.
In "The Congo Congress, it's all public -- so you can all see this.
In this case, I saw it a times.
The next character he said, "I got to the place, I found the ball in the house.
Yeah? Yeah.
And I went back to it. I went home.
Good night, driver graph."
It's pretty simple.
This is great. This is the conflict of the digital and the physical thing.
And it's also a great example of the government of the government to the very different volunteer.
But it's also a great example of government as a plant.
And here I don't necessarily mean to the technology of plant.
I talk about a platform so that people are going to get up and help others.
So a city helped another thing, but here the government had a key paper.
I connected to two people.
And I could have connected with the government services of being necessary but the evidence is a better analysis and more barrier than the government services of the graphic.
When a team helps another one, we take the community.
If we call control of animals, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing that we have to think about the government is that it's not the same thing that the political is.
A lot of people understand it, but think that one is the inside of the other.
So our sent to the government system.
How many times have you come to a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leaders and then we expect the government to get our values and satisfied our needs and then we don't see change.
That is because the government is like an enormous ocean and the politics is the surface of 15 percent.
On below this is what we call a brand.
And we say that word with a lot of it.
But this is the thing that makes us that thing that makes us that that we find out as something that would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be losing the power.
People believe that politics is situation.
If we want this research to have to have to have to make us to make sure to be situation.
Because this is where the real job is going on.
We have to fly with the government.
That makes the Open movement.
Have you seen them.
This is a group of citizens who have written a very successful invention of 370 pages in response to the person of the Stanford Commons -- on the first financial project.
That is not a political activity, it's a burning activity.
And for those of us who have been responded to the government, it's time that we ask us what world we want to leave our children.
You have to look at the huge challenges that you will have to find it.
Do you really believe that we have to go where we have to go without the research that can be able to do in the name of all, all of all of all of them that can be able to be able to do in nation?
We can't stop government -- we need to be more effective for it.
The good news is that with technology is possible to be able to be able to be able to figure out the government of government so that I can experience the civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act activity, you only have to get the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is about 27 years -- so I am a general generation that many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up to take the word and giving that almost by the way.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who is going to talk about, everybody will talk about.
You can express their opinions in any room at the same time and do it.
So when you face the problem of the government don't care a lot like a lot to be able to look at your voices here.
They're using your hands.
You put your hands to the work to program you will work better to the government.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our community.
It can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go up with a ball of barrier that has a character inside of it.
Since then, we could always have changed those students and many people do it.
But these applications are like digital resources that we are not only construction, not only we are a government of government that we pay around and we get services and we get services in it.
We are more than that, we are cities.
And we're not going to get the government until we don't take the city.
So I want to ask all of the presentations, when it comes from the important things that we have to do together -- all together, we will be a molecule of voices or we will also be a market of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real hospital.
I have spent most of the time in critical, private and in the edge of the death.
I've spent most of my life in single common communities in projects and places where there's a lot of desert.
And it's going to be here in TED looking at and looking at these students has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has idea.
And the things that they say here has impact around the world.
In obsessions, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have another way.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
So here we have been seen very fantastic issues.
And I think we have learned that the words of a teacher can have a lot of sense, but if you teach with sense, you can have a special meaning of it.
A doctor can do good things -- I mean, if it's carbon, it can get a lot more.
This is why I want to talk about the power of idea.
I didn't actually learned this in the right of the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an American family disappeared by a market, which was my grandmother.
It was hard -- it was a power, I had power.
It was the last word in the family.
She started a lot of people in our home.
It was a little bit of people who had been scaled.
Their parents were born in the school in Vietnam about 1967.
She was born about 1960, and his experience with the school as the way you see the world.
She was hard -- but it was also love as well.
When I was a small and I looked at it, she would go up and gave me a good horse.
And I was so strong that I could be able to answer and then I was going on.
One or two hours later, I was going to look at it, and I was like, "Bonn: Brownesion, still feel my head?
And if I told him no, I was running up again, and if he told him yes, I was going to leave it in peace to me.
I had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the less than 10 percent.
In obsessions, when I was going to spend a time with it, it wasn't easy to capture their time and their attention.
My test was running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I went to a morning, I went to the room and there they were running all of my eyes.
My grandmother was at the other side of the room and I looked at me.
I thought it was a game.
And then I looked at it, and he looked at it, but she was very serious by it.
After 15 or 20 minutes -- she got up the room, and he took me out of the hand and he said, "You see Brazil. The two are going to be constantly?
And I remember this as if it was there.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and he said, "Bonn: Brothers, I'll tell you something, but you can't say anything to you."
I said, "It's good, Mars."
She said, "I don't want to do it." I said, "Oh, I said, "Oh.
And then I sat up, I looked at me and said, "I want you to know that I have been looking at it.
And he said, "I think you're special specific?
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to ask me three things, Brown."
I said, "Okay, Mars."
And he said, "You know, the first thing I want you to ask me is that you would always want to want your mother, you know?
And he said, "This is my study, and you have to ask them to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
As I was going to my mom -- I said, "Yes, Mars, I would do it."
Then he said to me, "The second thing I want you to ask me is that they will always do the right thing as the right thing to be difficult."
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mars. This is Mars.
And then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to ask me is that you would have never been a collaboration.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mars, I will do it."
I grew up in the field -- in the rural street." I have a single year a year and a year a year.
When I was 14 or 15 -- one day my brother came home with a piece of six books, I don't know where I did, I would love my sister and me and we went to the forest for me.
We just got to do the strangers of always down.
He took a piece of chip, he opened up to my sister -- she took a little bit and offer me to me.
I said, "No, no, no, no, you know, but I'm not going to take a car.
My brother said, "Look at it. And you always do the same thing that we do.
I took something, your sister as well.
I said, "No, I don't feel good. You can follow me.
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What does it do? It takes a shoe."
I kind of like the look at the force and he said, "Oh, not being thinking about the conversation with Mars."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mary tells all the girls that are special.
I wanted to get up.
I have to do something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this is going to be going on.
But I have four years old, and I can tell you that I have never taken a piece of climbing.
I don't say this to be a viruse. I say the power that has the identity of it.
When we create the right type of identity -- we say things to the other things that they really don't see it.
We can't get to do things that don't believe to do.
I think that my grandmother would not believe that all of their students were special specific.
My grandmother had been present during the printer.
My people died from relationships with the collaboration.
And these were the things that I mean, we had to make it behaving.
Now, I'm trying to talk about our own piece of paper.
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1998, there were 300 feet there.
Now there are 2.3 million.
In the United States we have the biggest rate of the world.
We have seven million people in the conditions of controlled.
And this material collective -- in my view, has changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities -- you find so much desire, so much design, you stop by these fact.
One of three black black benefits between the 18 and 30 years is in the prison or in collaboration of controlled.
In the urban communities of all the country, the Arabia, Paul, Barry, William, from 50 to 60 percent of all of the color of the color are in the growth or in the control corner.
Our system is not just discoveries in front of the right, it's also about poverty.
In this country we have a hydrogen system that makes you much better if you're rich and collective, that if you're poor and interaction.
It's not a complete, but it turns out what the results are.
And it seems to us that we feel very closed.
The police of fear and the force makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We're developed.
It seems interesting.
We are looking at our work in our work with a little bit of college development.
In my state in All of the state, as well as in other states -- you pay out of the rights for always if you have a piece of paper.
Right now in All of the police population of the black population has lost the right to the volume.
And if we put it up to the next 10 years the average level of rights will be as happy as it was before they would take the law of the right.
So we have this simple signal.
I represent children.
Many of my cells are very young people.
The United States is the only country in the world where it felt about 14 years to die in the price of it.
We have in this growing country for kids, no chance to go out there.
We are right now in the process of some lights.
The only country in the world.
It turns out to people in the edge of the death.
This issue of death is interesting.
In a sense, you have taught us to think that the final question is, the people are getting to die for the common creatures.
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity of it.
There is another way to look at it, it's not about saying if people are going to die for the common conservations, but if we get to kill us.
This is interesting.
The death piece of death in the United States is designed by the street.
In every nine percent of the particular people, it has come up with one that is interactive that is extraordinary and limited from the death of the death.
And a horrific rate -- an income of every day.
This is interesting.
In fact, it's not going to allow them to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be starting to be starting to be starting.
But somehow we love the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our car.
It's not our strand.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about the reason and this question of if we want to kill them.
It's interesting that in my class with students on the African story, I talk about the school.
I talk about the terrorists, the time I started at the end of the resources and it would go up to the second World War Congress.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit available by the trade.
In many communities people were afraid of being a little bit.
I was worried about being literally.
The end of the third was what their lives.
Now there are a lot of older people who go to me and they say, "Yeah. You know, you speak to me, do it down to the people who let people stop saying that in our story we did for the first time with the terrorist, after 1950.
I was asked to say, "No, I say we grew up with that?
It was from the tradition of the transportation, obviously with the section and decades of the rich and secret surgery.
In this country we have a distance that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And this is why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've been done.
All of the time we have a little bit of each other.
We usually created teenagers and consequences.
It costs us work to talk about radios. I think it's because we are not willing to make it with a real process of real and representation.
In South Africa, people understand that you could not be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do with the truth and the recognition.
In Randon, even before the genome had this combination -- but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany, and I was going to be able to be able to be able to be able to go on the death of death.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers were going on after my present and he said, "You know that it's good to listen to what you say about.
And he said, "We don't have death in George.
We may never have to have this here.
And the room was started in seven and a shoe said, "I don't have a way that with our story, we could be able to be able to get in the system of human beings.
It would be intelligent that we are, international and depressed, we would be able to get people?
It turns out about this.
How do we feel in a world where a nation as George as George, especially if you were in your most golden games?
We could not get it.
It would be interactive.
And yet, there is this depression.
I think that our identity is in dangerous here.
If you actually don't care about these assumptions so difficult -- the positive things and the wonderful things are yet, the implications.
We love innovation.
And we face the technology. We love creativity.
We love the environment.
But finally, those reality are straight by the survival, the army, the driver, the drug driver."
In my view, it is necessary to increase both things.
We finally talk about the need to have more hope to have more hope -- more democracy with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means that I want to spend more time thinking and talking about poor people, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think of them is, in a way, something that's inside our be.
It's true that we have to believe in questions that we haven't seen before.
So we are going to be so rational to be so relatively, so common with it.
With an innovation, the development is not just about brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas.
So this connection of the mind with the heart is what we're forced to look at is not just the bad and increasingly, but also in the dark and the hard.
Venus Daniel, the great civil leaders talked about this.
He said, "When we were in European Europe, we were going to have all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed to do was hope for the spirit -- a version for being in the subjects of supporting and being a statement."
Well, that support for the spirit is basically in the heart of what I think, even in communities like TED -- it should be completely complete.
There is no relationship to the technology and design that allows us to be really human if we don't pay the attention attention to poverty -- to the engineering, to the institution.
Now I want to tell you that these things are going to make a much more sophisticated identity than if we make these things.
Let's go back to them.
I had the great privilege -- being a very young advance, to know to Richard Parks.
These women get just to talk to me.
Okay, the sea Santa called me -- to tell me the Bronx Santa Congress. We're going to take it to talk to me.
Do you want to come and listen?
I would say, "I know. I do want to.
So she said to me, "Well, what do you do when you are going to be coming?
I said, "Look at it.
So I went and just hear them.
It was something very virtually, very limited.
And in one room I was there, listening to these days, and after a couple of hours -- the Santa Paul took me to me, and he said, "Well, Brother, I love that this idea of the any animal risk.
So what are you trying to do?
And I started to give me my desire.
I said, "Well, we're trying to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
We try to help the ones that have been contributed to them.
And we try to build the programs and destruction in the printer of the painting really painting.
We try to get out with the sense of life, without any evidence for children.
So we try to do something about the death.
We try to reduce the population in the critical.
We try to go with the massive markets.
I gave it all my best desire and when I was looking at me and he said, "I looked at me memory.
And he said, "They were a very long time.
At the time, the Stanford. It took me up in the face of the face and said, "It's why you have to be very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very likely to be anywhere.
I think that actually, the TED community has to be much more value.
We have to find the way that we have the way that we are going to find those challenges -- those problems.
Because finally humanity depends on the compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been involved in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that every one of us is the worst thing that we have done with.
I think that's true for everybody in the planet.
I am convinced that if someone says a mental -- it's not because it's a mental.
And I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't get it, it's not that it's a slide.
Even if someone killed another one, it's not that it is a seat.
So I think there is a basic difference in the people who should be responsible for the law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and, yet, in many parts of the world, it opposite to poverty is not the real.
That's not it.
I really think that in many parts of the poverty is the grandmother.
And finally, I think that even though it is very hard -- very beautiful, very strange, it's not going to be accepted by our technology, for our design, not for our intellectual ability or relationship.
At the end of the end of a society, not for the way you treat the rich, powerful and pressures, but because of the way you treat poor people, you get the present presentations.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand really deep issues about what we are.
I feel slightly disappointed. I'm going to end up with a story.
Sometimes I make too much force for it.
I want to get up, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in a important way.
I've been represent these kids who have been sitting with a lot of distribution.
I'm going to the critical and I see my colleagues of 14 and 14 years old, who have been able to be able to get them as an adults as well.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How do you have a time to turn someone in what isn't it?
And the time is going on as a adult, but I see a child.
A very long night was designed to think, for God, if you can turn you into something that you are, you have to have a lot of markets.
Yes, Brazil, the game has a lot of markets.
You should ask something about that.
As it was very late -- I couldn't think about it, but I started working on a moment.
I had a 11 years old, a little bit of a little bit of a black pound."
I started working on the monkey, with a little bit that he said, "Many for me to say that my black government of 14 years is treated as a pattern of 12 years old.
In the machine I put it out there that there had been committed in the activity, in the behavior of the police and the process.
There was a line on how in this country there is no element, but all of a full thing.
At the next morning I was thinking about that machine inside would be a dream -- or really write?
For my horizon, I didn't just have been recognized, but I had sent it to the corruption.
They went out about two months, I had been forgotten.
And I finally decided -- I have to go to the course for this case, support.
I went up to the car and I was really able to really be able to go up with it, and I was really able to be able to be a little bit of analysis.
I went in the car in the car.
I thought this would be very difficult and so on.
I finally went out of the car. He walked to the car.
I was looking at the schools when I found up with a bigger man -- it was the conservation of the cloud.
When I looked at me and she said, "What is you?
I said, "I'm a shoebage." He said, "This is you going to say? I said yes.
And so I was going to get up and help me.
And I was going to get up in the head.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was virtually virtually.
That is a deep thing with my interaction, with my identity with the ability that we all have to continue to the community with a hope.
Well, I went into the room.
At the time, I saw me.
And he said, "Yeah. Stayed, you wrote this world market?
I said, "I mean, I was me." And we began to do it.
People began to go. They were all inviting.
I was the one that I had written in the strangers.
They came up with the police parties, the artists.
In the way, without knowing how the room was full of people -- all of them because we talked about radio, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about invisible.
With the risk of the eye I would see to see the conversation that I was going to go and come in.
And I looked at the window and he was going to hear all of that factory.
And I'm going to walk up to here and for there.
And finally, this old black old -- I walked on the room and I felt behind me, almost in the table of the audiences.
About 10 minutes later, the game did a record.
And during the destiny one of the source is shown because the conversation had come into the room.
The answer was applied on the old black old.
And he said, "You know, what do you do in the audience, the audiences.
And the old black went out of it, I looked at the and he looked at me, and he said, "I looked at this room of audience to tell this young young thing to keep his view in the goal with firefly?
I have come today to TED because I think a lot of you understand that the moral art of the universe is very big, but it would go up to the risk.
We can't be really humans evolved if we don't care about human rights and for the digital.
That our survival is limited to the other.
That our technology, design and creativity and creativity must be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go out of the factors, and it turns out to be completely completely.
And by the age of all, those of the people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with fire.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just hear and see a evidence of the audience of the audience -- this community, to help you in your purpose to do something.
Something that is not a charge. What can we do?
BF: There are several different opportunity.
If you live in the state of California.
For example, here in California. They are going to spend a billion dollars in the death line, in the next five years, a billion dollars.
And despite this, the 75 percent of the human cases are not in artists.
The 17 percent of violence don't come to anything.
Here's a change.
This record is going to be able to make these forests to make the law.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge device in the United States, in the past three decades.
And part of the explanation -- it says that it has to do with the biggest rate of scale.
What would you tell what you think is that?
BF: Actually, the rate of violence has been really strange straightforward.
The great growth in this country is not because of violence with violence.
It's by the wrong war against diagrams.
This is why it comes up with this distribution in the cardiovascular population.
And we let us connect by the record of the same.
We have three legal causes to bring people to the personalized career, and to break a biological, for small conservations against the perspective, instead of making those resources to their videos.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of the crisis and not less.
It seems to me that our current photography on the source doesn't do anything for anybody for it.
I think that's the ocean that has to change.
CA: Brothers, you've been excited here today.
You are very interactive.
Thank you very much.
London, they grow the threats by the death of Bill Line.
Tomath two: Hello in Service.
The U.S. 4: Campaignts discovered.
The Stanford side, the social Department Department, 75 dead.
London Sid: And it's a TED Titanic."
A lot of books, I wanted to be the market.
Remember.
Chris.
Oh, God.
Professor Daniel: These are just some of the challenges that I got in the last six months -- the transportation could be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the average media will be able to be able to be able to be able to provide negative news because our minds give them attention.
And that answer to a very good right.
In every second of every day our sense has a lot more data than probably the brain may probably process it.
And as nothing important to us, the first part of all of those data is an old fragment of the technology of the technology called a terrorist call.
And the artist is our activity of the terrible device, the dangerous definition.
Open and recognize all of the information by looking at something in the environment that I could be able to do it.
And so from a tens of stories we will be able to look at the negatives.
That old record of the pressure, "If there's blood -- selling, it's very true.
And because all of the digital devices are going to give us news for the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day -- it's not going to figure out that we are going to be asked that we are going on.
It's not surprised that people think that the world is going to be wrong in worse in worst of it.
But maybe it's not like this.
Maybe in change, what it really happens is that we get distributions.
Maybe the huge program was going on in the last century for a series of forces that are getting up in such a way that we have the potential to create a world in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- the climate change, the climate change, the survey of water and energy and energy -- we have.
As human beings are very good at the problems and the long one, we just had them.
We add it on the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has been more than distribution, the average income per square country has been transformed around the world.
And the child motion has been represented 10 times.
And also, the cost of the food of the food -- the electricity and the communities -- has been 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Park showed us that we are living the most basic time of human history.
And Charles Kenya that the world's world spent 25 percent more than 80 percent in the last 150 years.
We're really living a little bit extraordinary.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to put them into a more high time.
In fact, we do the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, in the United States, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity -- water, batteries, statistics, molecules, molecules, moving around and cars around them.
The strangers of the 20th century, the particles of the last century, and they would have been surrounded with a little bit of light.
So I think a lot of this is the technology and finally, their own growth growth.
My good friend Rose Kanian showed that any tool that comes into the technology of the information in this book, the Law of Monterey, and he would draw the pressure of the price in about 12 to 24 months old.
This is why the value that you have in the balloon is a million times more short and a thousand times faster than a sector of the 1970s.
Now look at this computer.
This is the law of Monterey for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this universe.
First of all, it turns out that it is, in good and bad time, in the war and in the peace and in record, in record and on the ground.
This is the result of very quickly used computers to build more quickly.
It doesn't stop any of the big challenge.
And even though it's graduate in a law to the left, it is going to go up to it.
The growth of technology is in it every time.
And in this room, at the Head of Monterey Law, there is a series of extraordinary technologies that we have today.
The computer in the cloud -- that my friends in Australia, which my friends of Australia call international computers -- sensors and networks -- the 3D impact and their ability to democracy and democracy in the entire planet, the secret biological biology -- the colors and the food, the digital medicine.
I mean, how many of you saw the virus in Japanese of Wall, in Islamist?"
It was particularly.
I looked at the people the best thing that I would have.
And I love this: "Water comes to human opportunities?
Jewish is not a easy game.
You play with your human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the course, available for everyone in the model.
four years ago, here in TED, Ray King and I, we took a new universe called South University called University.
We teach them these technologies to our students, and in particular, how can you use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to take a company -- or a product or service, which can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can imagine the life of a billion people.
And 30 years ago, that would have been open up.
We can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do it that you've done it.
When I think about creating a supply, it doesn't mean to create life for each of the planet, it's about creating a life of possible.
This is about taking that that is search and turn it up.
You see, the school is control and the technology is a force that looks resources out.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of National DNA medium of 1950.
He's the kind of the left.
And I was invited to get the area of Sergio.
The Trade trades they took with plants and the same Sandoma, and the same Santa cars.
But the area of Sergio, I started with collaboration contracts.
You see, the antibiotic was the most value of the planet -- worth more than the gold and the plant.
This is why I put it out of the mountain to Washington, is a statement.
You see, even though the analogy is 72 percent of the size of the Earth -- it doesn't come as a point of it.
It's linked by the oxygen and the surveys.
But then I got the electricity and made the stage of the station that we use as if it was developed.
We're going to do this analysis towards the future.
Let's think about the energy.
Dances and gentlemen, we are in a blue planet for 1,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to the Earth 16 tons of energy every 18 minutes.
This is not about standard, but it's about action.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the general generation, 68 tons of you see 18 roofs.
The cost of solar energy is 50 percent last year.
At the last month -- HIV published a study that shows that at the end of the decade in the United States of the United States, the solar electricity will cost six cents a hour per time to share with the 15 cents of the national environment.
And if we have an energy amount of energy we have water.
Let's talk about the war in the water.
Do you remember when Caroline Salad was able to put the space space to the Earth -- in 1998, then you get some side?
I went up a famous picture of it. How did you call it?
"A political point.
Because we live in a water.
We live in a global planet in a 70 percent.
Yes, 99 percent is water, the 20 percent is ice -- and we went through the pattern of the water of the planet, but there's also a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes to the network, the nature.
In a conversation with December Kan this morning -- one of the individuals of the barrier -- I would like to share with you, he gave me allowed to do it -- his technology called Santa -- the team -- is the size of a small record.
It is able to generate a thousand pounds of water.
The president of Colombia had just been able to make an important test of hundreds of these communities in the developing world.
If that goes out well, and I have an trust that it will be, Colombia will be able to put it up in 20 countries in the planet.
This is an innovation for this technology that we have today.
And we have seen it in the mobile cells.
My God, we're going to get back to 80 percent of the values in the world in the developing world for the end of 2010.
Think about it, that mass war has better mobile communities in the middle of Kenya than the pressure is 25 years ago.
And to tell with a smart value with Google -- it has access to more knowledge and information than the President climate about 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information of information and communities that nobody could have been able to have been able to be able to be able to be done.
better.
Maybe the best thing is when they write the applications in health.
At the last month I had the plan to go with the Fortune Forest something called the Prison Twitter Twitter Texas, from 10 million dollars.
We are fighting the team of the world so that they eat these technologies in a mobile device that you talk about, and because it has AIDS, you can take it up, you can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
In order to make it better distribution than a collective medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors where the microbes of motion is 25 percent, and there are 120 percent workers in the health.
When this device is a virus of AIDS or DNA that I don't recognize -- called the health of health and the first place, to make it happen.
But this is the biggest force to produce a global world.
I call it the thousands of dollars at all.
The white lines here are the population.
We were just going to spend the sea of the seven billion dollars.
By the way, the best project against the democratic explanation is to give the world of education and health world.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people in the line, connected to them.
For 20 billion to five billion dollars in the Internet.
Three billion people never ever heard about global conversation.
What do these people want people.
What are you going to do that? What do you want to have to do?
And instead of an economic college we will have the largest economic intelligence of history.
These people represent tens of millions of dollars.
And they're going to get more health to Trade, from a better education with the Green Grandmother and because of the use of the pressures in 3D and the computer in the cloud will be more productive than never before.
What can you be able to put up 300 billion more members of humanity and properties and productions.
So what about a few times never before.
What if we give them to the operations, where you are, a voice to be heard and power for the first times.
What would these 300 billion dollars.
And if they are conservatives that we can't predict it?
So something that I learned with the United States is that little teams -- they were thrown by their passion with a clear goal -- they can do extraordinary things -- things that only could do the big bodies and the governments that could only do it.
I'm going to end up by sharing a story that really gives me.
There is a program that maybe some of you already know.
It's called Pole.
I went in the University of Washington, in Service.
It's a game where people can take a section of antibiotics and figure out the way that it will be able to be able to protect it.
The lights are going to stop the structure.
It's something very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a problem.
They have been playing with this university projects, between others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people came up and started to play it.
And it has been shown that today is that today of human patterns of human patterns is better.
Dances and gentlemen, which gives me a huge trust in the future is that today we have more power as people to make the great challenges of the planet.
We have the tools with this experience.
We have the passion of the innovation.
We have the capital of technology.
And we have 300 billion new minds that are used to work in the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have in front of a few years.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
This is the right point of the party.
And as the idea can explain in a minute.
The first story is about Charles David, one of my horses.
He was here, as you know, in 1977.
Maybe they believe that it would be painting people, but it wasn't like that.
I actually remember fish in it.
And I described one of them like very common.
It was the number.
It looks a long way to the 1970s.
Now the fish is in the top of the CO2.
But we have heard this story a lot of times, about Galaus and other places, so that doesn't have any special thing.
But the case is we still come to the Galaus.
We still think they are private.
They still say that they are going to be invented.
So what happens here?
The second story, as well.
Because I was there in 17 studying a strange in Western Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could be able to try it.
I got a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I was not out there.
This is my first experience to the sun.
And the song was recording of parallel, and as you can see, from a few markets.
There were stands out of about 20 cents -- the black barrier of black baby.
And the fish of this time was very old and she was going on for a good moment, so it took more than the middle of the middle in China.
When I went there 24 years later, the amount of fish had been available to half of them.
They make the five centers.
They had a genetic pressure for a genetic product.
There were still fish yet.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
It is, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I went to it in the interaction of the station of the arms in the analysis supply.
In the 1990s, I started in the 1990s, Europe made a lot of development project.
So the destruction of particular development is going to make the countries that already had 100 phones that were going to be 100 phones that are going to be able to do the industrial fish that would already be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to imagine the
And this baby, a lot of it, it's called the Manhattan 4.7.
I was going to stay in it, and we did study in the south of the University of China, and about all, in the sea of Japan.
The thing that we cut up was an amazing thing.
We know, now I know, the bottom of the sea.
The 90 percent of what we were able to be carefully, other animals that are in the ground.
And most of the fish are manufacturing about a couple of things about a little bit of resources that are fish of corruption reality.
In fact, the bottom of the sea came to the course and then it was actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually and then he went up.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very quickly.
In a year, you do a study and then you start the common fish and then you start with it.
The bottom is going to be a kind of basic corruption -- in this case, to be a light.
This is a dead.
They didn't eat them. They were discovered because they were dead.
One time we cut a lived life.
I was still not a hospital.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This lot of answer is what they remember the films every time you go to a area that you have never fish up.
But it doesn't really be done.
We bring the world, but we don't remember it.
So we took the point of food, the new level, without remember what was there.
If we generate this something like this.
In the antibody and we have good things, biological, a lot of collaborations, the green of the country, the water of water.
And that changes with time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images of the beginning of their life as a normal life and it was going to do it.
The difference is that they are going to make the language.
But they don't make the loss that happened before.
You can add the change of change.
And at the end of us to keep a little bit of a sense of this.
And that, in great measure -- we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they are.
But you should think that this problem affect people when social societies kill animals without knowing what they have done to a few generations later.
Because obviously an animal that is very open before it is a little bit faster.
You don't lose any animal animals.
You lose a little bit.
Even if this doesn't look like a great language.
With the time, we focus on the big animals and in a sea sea of big fish in it.
They become a little bit because we get them.
With time they have a few fish -- but we think that this is the point.
And the question is, why do we do this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, a lot of people, to make sure that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence is in a way that is not the way they would expect to have the evidence of it.
For example, the answer that some of them are going to be presented, as you get a lot of fish in this area can't be used or by the way that they don't use the scientists of fish -- because it's not scientific.
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in institutions -- because they don't trust the source of the past.
From there the huge role that can be able to be able to be able to make a perfect market.
Because with the market careers -- we really remember the past.
We remember the past that people can't be able to get because the point of peace has been taken up and it is completely low down.
That's for the people that you can see a market area and you can benefit from the vision that you might allow them to break up your own point of it.
And what happens to the people who can't do it because they don't have access because the people in the Middle East, for example, for example, for example, for example.
I think that the arts and the chip may be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
This is a simulation of the Bangladesh Bank.
A lot of time there was a long time in the Bangladesh based on the Bangladesh bank.
And they would have noticed that markets and the terrorists are like "The "The "The "The "Tapped.
And if you think about "God, if you think about why people get together with the film -- I would talk about the story of Poles, why do you move with the images?
Because it goes out something that, in a sense, it has lost it.
And so my remember, the only thing that will give you is Carolina, to make "The "Baby bother.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I am Kimba All the time of Tora Texas, and I look at Vietnam videos in professional form.
It's true.
So today we will see why the videos are looking at and what important has that.
We all want to be stars -- college, common, common cars, and when I was more young -- that looks like something very, very hard.
But today the old video makes any of us, or of our actions -- and it comes into a part of our global culture.
Any one can be able to be famous in the Internet in a sale.
You get more than four hours of video for the minute.
And of course, just a little bit of a little bit of a virus, and it comes out of the lives of virus and a cultural molecule.
How does that happen?
And three things -- they create terms, communities of particular communities and surprise food.
Well, let's start with.
Bell Vietnamero: Oh, God me, God me.
God.
Good."
Hello, grandmother."
JS: The year, Berlin Vietnam published this full video out of his house in the National Park of Congress.
In 2010, it was seen 25 million times.
And this graph shows the resources in the police of the last week.
Brother is not supposed to make a virtual video.
And I just wanted to share a piece of drawing a document.
That's what you do if you call Mexico Monterey Mountain.
I had already published a lot of videos of nature.
This video had been published at all.
So what happened here?
It was John King.
John Kenny published this top that I was going to call the video to the police.
The transformations of techniques like John Kenny is going to give us new and interesting things to do it to a more nice public public thing.
Remember Bronx."    -- you know, you have to start the seat.   You all wish that you get the end of week, the end of a week --   You see, seem to look at the sea.  KB: You won't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video -- I hope that I hope that we could have this.
Remember Brothers is one of the most popular videos in the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the use.
Just like "The "Stop are a diagram, this video seemed to have gone out of nothing.
So what happened this day.
Well, it was true -- it's true.
And if you ask for those other people, they are too.
But what happened this day, this particular party.
Well, I took the Tackpin and a lot of bacteria started writing about it.
Michael John Jesus, San Seashear Stanford, it was one of the first people in making a car on the video in Twitter in Twitter in Twitter in Twitter at all.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of transformations will apply a point of view and they share it with a more amazing audience -- the process.
So this community of people who share this great interest here then starts talking about that and do things.
And now there are 10 particles of Vietnamese in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a pattern for each of the other days.
At the bottom of the American environment of the 20th century, this community is our way to be part of the phenomenon to be able to do something new with it.
"The Campaign Campaign.
That's what it is.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that this is rich, you know that there's a version of three hours that have seen four million times.
And to the cars saw this video.
And there are cars that saw other cases to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that was going on between the Internet.
There were reports.
somebody made a version to the old one.
And then it became interesting.
And suddenly it took a whole community community that made this going to be a typical state to something that we can all form part of it.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have put something like that?
Who could have gone to "Belly "Beautiful?
What could you have written to be written to do this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video for a minute -- just that really only and interactive can be able to be able to get out of the way these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to look at this great video of a guy who program against the motors in New York in New York.
Cameroon Steven, I was made by not close to the baseball, but often there are supermarkets that are going to be able to be able to be able to be used by the base.
KB: Thank you to the amazing effect and your horring, called His hospital that five million saw and understand your idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new thing that we do in creative way.
And all of this leads to a great question.
Bell Vietnamero: What does this mean?
Silicon.
KB: What does this mean?
The creative communications of the transition, the complete creative communities -- the completely intelligent channels of a new kind of media.
As I said before, one of the current cells in the world, John Biosphere, started in Hollywood.
They don't lose to express their ideas.
Now all of us are a little bit of our police culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- they are just the actual media -- but they will define the environment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a terrible story.
It's a record that is still arrested.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces of it.
Imagine the first piece -- a man playing the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a data, a man whose life had been known in the unique hope.
Imagine as the communities go into Santa, by looking at the fact that his life had been totally at the time.
The words -- for so long friends, now they did it.
It turns out in the solution.
He died through the story.
He's my grandmother.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our resources.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not going to leave that that has been in the gold, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to get up, but we supported it.
The next part of the room is about a boat when you go up by taking it down to the sea.
My mother, Mars, I had just 18 years when his father died -- and a market controlled and two little children.
For her, life had been given to a single substance, the scale of his family and a new life in Australia.
And it was ready for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years of four years that I challenge the fish, a boat goes down to the sea device of small bank.
All of the adults knew the risk of it.
The biggest fear were the parallel, the violence and the death.
As most of the adults -- my mother had been able to get a seat with view.
If you were carrying it, first of all, we would take my sister and me, and then she and my grandmother.
My first resources are from that boat -- the control continuous of the environment, the test survival in every wave -- and the sea and the variation and a variation.
I don't remember the patterns that came up with several times, but they were excited with the value of men in our boat -- or the environment died and couldn't be able to be able to be able to go for six hours.
But I know I remember the lights of the oil participation in front of Mars, and the young man who comes up and die and died the journey was too much for him, and the first management that I thought, given for the men.
None of them had the same supply.
After three months in a record field -- we developed in Mars.
And the next piece of the record is about four women at the time of three generations by making a new life.
We were in Francisco, a kind of kind of kind of would open whose population to be complex companies.
At the difference of the middle states of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the medium, the property had no sense of the right.
The values that are coming from the rest of the world.
And the fraction of English came up with the people who had one thing in common -- they were starting again.
My mother was working in grandmothers, then in a line of cars -- working six days -- I was going to take six days.
Even like that, I found time to study English and get a television in TV -- the information of information.
We were poverty.
All of the dollars were all absolutely, and it would make a strange train in English and mathematics -- not matter what you should be able to do, that it was a whole new stranger -- it was always a second hand.
Two parts of media for school, one to get the holes of the other.
And a little bit of school to the tricks, because I had to give six years old.
And there were radio cars and paintings about the "Little "Leads, and some graphics, "Stops, go back home.
At home, right?
So something in me.
I was looking at detail and a voice that said, "I'm going to support?
My mother and my sister and I took in the same way.
My mother was exploring every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother survives statements, all of the bar.
And my task was to be depressed until their dangers started to be able to do it.
She open up a computer state, then I studied to be a station and open another business.
And women are coming with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition, the transportation and the girls and the children who were transformed between two world.
They were looking for substances and patterns.
And they were created together.
I lived in front world.
In one, it was the study of the climate student, including with what they deserve from myself.
In the other one, I was actually interacting in private lives -- the statement of violence and the arms and the application.
But a lot of them came down through the years.
And by that work, when I studied my last year, I got the young years of the year.
And I went out of a piece of the response to the other, but their books don't find them.
And so I was so surprised about Poles, it was now so successful and social activity, invited to talk to me in places that I had never heard of her, and in home what she was never going to be imagine.
I didn't know the programs.
I didn't know how to use the controls.
I didn't know how to talk about it.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to take up to the robots and as the life of life in a individual surgery -- a market and two children taking the day as they did it for almost 20 years old, and they were talking about the day of every single day, and the three -- the three still in the same way.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remember that I had now the same age that she had when she was when we went into the boat of it.
The note had been an opportunity.
"Hey, he said, "I don't know what you don't go?
And so I talked about blue and education.
And the more I was talking about, the more it was solving to talk about.
I met people from all of the ways of life, many of them doing what they love -- living in the front of the possible.
And even though I ended up my light, I realized that I couldn't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
And I had to have another piece of the response.
And I realized at the same time that it's good to be a desire, a record come back -- new in the stage -- and not only that it's right, but it's something that will be a distribution, maybe a rate of the floor.
Because being inside it can be able to be able to collect the horses, it can actually mean to be able to deal with the programs of your product.
And I gave the enough steps out of my face to know that, yes, that the world is developed, but not the way we have.
You may not have been allowed to be actually actually actually actually active.
There was an energy there -- an emotional effect, a market million of human and value.
So I went up with my interview.
And now to a small group of people for who the legacy can't do it -- it was an amazing challenge of it.
For one year we didn't have a context.
At the end of every day, I was doing a giant shoe of superheroes that we all share with.
We worked up to the night.
Most of our ideas were light, but some balls, and we were going to open up.
I took the decision to move to the United States.
After one journey.
My heart again.
And three months later, I had moved up, and I got it up.
Before I end, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the Connecticut was the social nature and the local the local person was the person in the person.
Life had not changed for century.
His father died a little bit after she did.
And the mother was used to it.
And at the age of 18 was turned into the control of the word whose mother was going on.
No support of his husband -- causes a reverse when it comes back and take the cause of it, and so much more coming up when they get it.
You can't do it to be a brand.
I was in the diagnosis in the course of a hospital in Silicon when she died -- to a thousand miles in Mexico.
I looked through the market and I saw the other side.
I knew that I had come back to it.
My mother called minutes later.
days later, we went to a strange text in Florida and we sit around their attack.
We tell him stories and we make sure we were still with it.
On the night a woman came up and told us I had to close the artist.
My mother asked us to feel your hand.
I asked the mountain, "Why your hand is closed, and the rest of the body so familiar?
Because you have taken your hand from the morning, he said.
They haven't survived?
If there is a nervous in our family, that running through women.
And because of those of us who were and how life, we can now see that the men who had come to our lives we would have been frustrated.
And the definition would have been able to do it.
Now I want to have my own children, and I ask me about the boat on the boat now.
Who could be able to wish that for you?
However, I take it to the practice of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a test in your lives, which is going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be the model of the mountain, the horrific sea that doesn't get anything like that?
I don't know.
But if I could do it and look at it, I would do it.
Three News And also the mother of this is now here here in the fourth or a film of it.
My story starts in Rome about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the station of the station, with the song survival Alaska.
We were building out of how nothing has changed from the age of the old Angelesches Indian Anderson "The Mars.
In those days when the individuals we wanted to travel out to a car and we used the sky.
Now we do it with allegations.
In that then, when I come out, the great printer was indicate, I had a street and with a short to the ground -- it gets water.
Now we do the same thing with the targets and machine.
The concept that we came out was that the machine had turned up to the machine.
And that brings me a lot.
And every time I felt a little bit more thing.
And I was able to lose this idea of losing the ability to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the camera if I couldn't take my friends.
I looked like the technology had to allow me to allow me to make it not kill it.
And I was a little bit of my grandmother recognized to me in the pattern of baseball.
And this piece of technology in 50 years was for my most mathematical thing.
It became a dead door to a whole world full of images and fragments in my image.
I had the sense that the mobile revolutions, the leaders and the cars imagine that we are.
They were going to be able to build our institution.
And so I read me to this technology to see this technology to see how to use it to create machine, instead of kill it.
And I used books from the 16 years.
So when I saw the idea I saw a national discovery of conflict to connect the restaurants of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
It will take the text with the image of the picture, the sound and the sound.
The nature becomes more and more moral.
But what do we look like that?
I'm going to try to love King, an amazing approach for identity.
He says, "Would you put your fingers on every light.
And so --   says, "This box is still a slide. He wrote my name here.
And so I got a character of the book.
In several times I got a car -- the Islamic knows where I live in the GPS -- which comes back to me.
My old girl is excited with all these possibilities with me.
I've talked a lot about matter.
And I don't mean a lot of manuals and doctors but that map of the infection, those ideas that we open from children.
And for some reason, the languages in a factory always became a presentation.
So over here, we have to include the idea to deal with languages.
And really, you get your way in what you rest from the book.
Another idea that I was interested in a child was that a whole range of mine came into a baby.
And so here, every book and every world is transform in a baby that I brought up to this magic device within the supply.
And this open a map of it.
And in all of the favorite book there has always been map -- but they've been a little bit of statements.
This is a map that grew up and get it down for the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book as well.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another thing that is very important to me is to create India and at the same time.
So these are the slides here are the talks.
We've all heard of the houses and the norms, but how many people out of India would know their own India, the documents?
These poor people have been taken in the cars of India for military -- in a old and hunter-offered book.
That's why we're trying to go back in a common story.
And in a story that is all the current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis -- one of the last 10 years has been that kids have been able to be displaying, prevents their Poles, they haven't come to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology we can go to our children to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interest interested in the book is this plane where you have to go out to the end, take the camera or the iPhone, and you will make images of different natural object.
And I had a lot of colleagues, and I had a lot of colleagues, states, states and consequences.
For some reason the kids don't do it.
So to remember this risk of the innovation you have to go out and in a case, you take a picture to a flower and then you get it.
In another case, you have to take a picture of a piece of corruption and then I'll get it.
This is what a digital connection of pictures that then you can put in the government.
A child of London put a picture of a car and says, "Oh, today I saw a roof."
A child of India says, "I saw a monkey?
And you created this kind of social network in a control of digital pictures that have been taking up.
In the seats of connection between mathematician, the Earth and technology there are a lot of possible.
In the next book we have to have an interaction where you go out with the iPhone and the video and the video and the video is actually looking at a group of analogies that look like about the bottom plants of the house.
In a moment the screen is full of children.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and put them to be able to read the rest of the book.
We're going to a world where the forces of nature is involved with technology and magic and technology will get one to another.
We addressed the energy.
We're getting to our kids and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic and the market and love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
So I wanted to talk about why many of a lot of people were working on.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did in the Roman University was to be able to get to a direction of listen to it.
And not in a very scientific way, she had a little bit of color or you asked patients and I asked patients and you know, what happened?
"How can we help it?
And we used to think that this is one of the biggest problems for what everybody -- or maybe not all, but most of the projects of the factory proteins, because we stop listening to.
This is my school William. It's a very simple thing.
It has a piece of leadership and applied.
And all the morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
And I put the challenge to get up to 90 Kenta.
But it is so simple that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Harvard.
And my medical doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem is not at the same moment in which it needs to be a characteristic or a little bit of that station, but it would see it back to them.
But there's another thing.
As a few of you know, I have more than four seconds in Twitter in Twitter here.
So every morning I connected to my Glass William and before I went to my car -- people start to talk to me, Libra, today I think you need a light light.
That is the best thing that can happen -- because it is pressure of the countries used to help the patients -- because it could be used for objective, and also so that the patients are going to be forgotten.
On the other hand, it can be able to move to the people of their children and together develop some recent activity to have more control of their health.
On the next week of the next week.
This little ball was connected to an image or a distance.
And people might be able to be able to take their home, to take their artificial pressure -- to send it to their medical printer, and share it with each other, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients use a position and to be able to do the control and being able to be able to be able to be able to help care of the health of the health because of the challenges that we face -- as the device of the context of the medical attention and the definition of the democracy and the other issues.
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to get the patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also through the coral.
And one of the things that we did like to share with you with a video with a video.
We all have control control in the car.
Maybe we even have them in our cells.
We know perfectly where they are the current chips in Mars.
And also where all of the genes.
And of course, we can find very quick food.
But where is the most close DNA to help this patient path?
We asked it, but no one knows it.
No one would know where the DNA is going to get lives in this moment.
So what we did was to make a corruption in the United States.
We created a Web Web, and we asked the public to look at a DNA, and you can see it, you can see it, and when it is open up, because sometimes you open in the office of office and others are created.
And more than 10 dollars.
The next step was to look at the apply for that.
And we did an article for the iPhone.
We created an article for Lakota, really admitted to find these DNA.
And every time you are in the city of Mars and somebody else -- you can use your iPhone, and the next few weeks to use your cell school to find the most close -- what you can save lives.
And in front of today, I wanted to test this -- not just as DNA Daniel, which is the name of the product but also like DNA.
And we would want to start with the global level.
We're building all of the colleagues in the world, in other universe, so that they help us find -- working and act as a center for the DNA of the DNA around the world.
And every time you are about videos and somebody else -- it can be a patient or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to send companies around the world that they could help us save these DNA.
You could be a sense of message or people, for example, to see if the DNA is still in its place.
Please get them in this and not just improve the health, but take the control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photography.
Or is it "the photography.
Because of course, they are pictures that can't take with their cars.
My interest in the photograph was going up with my first digital camera to 15 years.
And it allows me with my passion on the document, but it was a little bit different because when you use the camera the process was in the planet.
And when you take a picture with a camera the process of the process, you end up when you get the painting.
For me the photograph had more than to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different -- a process that would start to predict the pain.
So pictures like this -- a building in a very strong way.
But it has an amazing thing.
And despite it, it takes a level of reality.
Or pictures like this, dark and colors at the same time, but with the common goal to keep the real level.
And when I say a real thing I tell you.
Because of course, it's not something that I can calculate but I always want to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
So I think that you would have to think about a moment to figure out how to discover it.
It has more than to be able to make an idea that with a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them look like?
Are the details or colleagues?
Did you get the light.
What is the complex creation?
Sometimes it is perspective.
But the end is about our way to increase the world and how you can stay in a profit surface.
It's actually not about whether it is a real thing but what we think it's really really.
And so I think the forces are very simple.
I see it as a resource of reality that we took different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfect objects -- something that we can all relationship with the traditional world.
But they become a certain way to create something that still looks like, as if you exist.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So let's go back to the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it really doesn't have sense.
And I see the same process when you can change the pictures of it.
It's really going to change different reality.
And the things that make a picture look like I think they're those where we don't even think of the things that we don't even think about in our everyday life.
But when you compare pictures is very important to tell it, because something else is going to be wrong.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that are going to be able to make real results to get on.
As you can see, these images are not very special here.
But completely, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the pictures of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, the pictures have to have the same kind of light.
And these two images go up with these resources, they were taken to the same alternative and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to make the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect context.
It has to be impossible to see where the image.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is made up there.
But this image is totally built by different places.
In the personal person I think it's easier to create a place that you don't need to put in dangerous the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of plants.
And as I was thinking this idea in invented I knew that I had several months to protect it, to find the differences for the pieces of the paintings.
For example, the fish was able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
The cost is a different contract.
The subtle part was called a piece of paper.
And yes, I even made the house of the top of the island so that it would look like.
So to get a real result I think it makes a plant plant.
It always starts with a computer, an idea.
Then you have to change the different pictures of it.
And here every piece is very well.
If you make a good job when you take the pictures the result can be very beautiful and at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only light is our imagination of it.
Thank you.
So I'll start showing a slide about technology, very straightforward.
Please can put it.
It is a diagnosis that I took from a morning of me.
I'm not interested in so much to show you the details but the general supply.
This is about an audience that we were doing about the potential of the Red microbes to see the potential of local area.
The interesting thing about this is that this is, like a lot of other people we used to see, is a kind of red line in scale scale.
In other words, every step of here represents an order of magic in the scale scale.
So I'm going to talk about the technology with services is a little bit.
Here is something strange here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please find the light.
It would need more exciting because I would write about paper.
Why do we bring technology into terrible screens.
The answer is that if you draw them into a normal course in which we say, these are the years, or some of the time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I would like to get up, the drug would be a little bit of a character.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you thank you, for example, some other technology -- like the transparency, in a service corruption would be very hard, we would see a red line.
But if it happens something like this, it gives a common change.
If the technology technology was going to go as quickly as the microbes, we could be able to take a task and being in Twitter in 30 seconds.
But I don't go back to that literature.
There are no pressures in the history of the technological development of a religious growth that every few years old and a few years ago.
The question that I want to pay is -- looking at these extraordinary creatures -- we see that they don't go up.
It's not possible to keep this change as fast as it is.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it's going to become a short terrorist -- I know like this until I used something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's everything that can happen.
I'm a optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So we will now be in the middle of a transportation.
In this line we are in a transition of what used to be the world, a new way.
So what I try to ask to you about, and ask me, is, what is that new way that you get the world?
What new state is the world?
The transition seems very, very excited if we're interested in it.
I remember that the future is going on in the year 200 and people used to talk about what happens in the year in the year in the year.
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future is going to be the year.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been found, year after my life.
But I think we feel that we feel that something is happening.
It's going to be a technology. We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different that we're doing what we're doing today has no sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it could be that transition that we experience with.
But to do that will have to talk about a little bit of things that don't have a lot to do with technology.
Because I think the only way that the only way to understand it is to take hard and look at the long things.
The time I would like to do it is the time of life in Earth.
I think this image has sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we gave us about about 2,000 billion years when the Earth was a great station with a lot of chemicals that were walking around it.
If you look at the way that you make those chemicals we give us an idea of how things happen.
And I think there is theory to start to understand the origin with AIDS. I'm going to tell you a simple version of this and is that, at that time, there was a little bit of acceptable accounts with all kinds of chemical resources.
So some of those acceptable cars are going to have a particular combination of chemical changes that made them to be able to be able to be able to get out of the outside of the outside and so on.
And they began to distribute it.
In a sense, those were the most private cells that are the most private cells that are a correctness.
But those galaxies were not living -- in the current sense, because every one of them has a kind of chemicals in the computer.
And every time they are fun to come up with a discovery of the chemicals that they do.
And so every gas was a little bit different.
In fact, the boats that some of them are being designed to be better to the time of the controlled chemists -- they grow more, they grow more chemical and they get more.
They live more time, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, which was very simple life, but things are taken interesting when these cars learned the third of the architecture.
In some way that we don't understand very well.
They learned to bring information, which was the record of the cell -- in a special space called DNA.
In other words, they went up in this evolution without sense, a research system that allows them to remember what they were to be able to be able to be able to do it.
The incredible thing is that that research system seems to have been surprised since they evolved 2,000 billion years.
Our resource, our genes -- they have exactly the same code -- that same system.
In fact, every single living thing is experienced with exactly the same set of laws and the same code as well.
And one of the things I did only for fun. Now we can write things with this code now.
So here I have 100 white molecules that I try to get to the security people.
But I thought, I took this code -- the code has the common laws that we used to use in this, and I wrote my personal data in this printer of DNA and applied about 10 to 25 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million tons of my personal army -- I have a lot for all of the presentations, in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was a pattern that would have put it up in a virus and would have happened for the room.
So what was the next step.
The DNA was an interesting step on.
This made that these cells were happy to be happy.
But then another big step happened in which things were taken very different and it was that these cells started to interact and communicate information to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to form that
I don't know if you know it, but the bacteria can increase DNA.
In that way, for example, they evolved the relationship to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid the pattern and they put them to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are a lot of responsibility to the painting because the bacteria are communicate by the pieces.
So this community gave you that they would make communities that, in a way, they were together in that, and they were going to be a sense.
In that way they survive or they were going together -- whether if a community was very successful all the individuals of that community became more and they were failure for evolution to the evolution of it.
And the point of innovation happened when these communities were going on so much that, in fact, they came together, and they decided to write all the risk of the community together in a DNA.
The next interesting stage for life took other billion years.
And in that stage we have mobile communities -- communities of many different kinds of different cells working together as a single organization.
In fact, we are a molecular community.
We have a lot of cells that are no longer going to be able to be able to be able to do it.
The cells of the skin doesn't look without the heart of the heart or the markets, or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and became more interesting levels than the cell -- something that we call an organization of it.
The next level came inside these community.
These began to open information.
And to build very special structures that didn't make more than to process information in community.
It's the national structure.
The neurons are the distributions that process the information that those cell communities built in.
In fact, they began to stay into the community in the community being the responsible structures of representative, understanding and transform information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those community.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at the time as an individual -- the learning was connected to the distribution of an organization -- and not at the period of evolutionary time.
So an organization could -- for example, to learn not to eat a certain fraction because I knew a bad thing and you get into the last time that I did.
That could happen during the life of an organization because they had built these structures of information of information that the evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals that they took that fraction.
So the fact that the nervous system would build those information structures that are going to make the economic process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual to an individual now.
It could happen in the time to learn it.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the third of the community.
So for example, the most recent version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it is an amazing invention of it.
I have a very complicated idea of an idea, in the head.
So I'm sitting here by taking up a few groups and surrounded, building a similar idea of a similar idea -- in their head that came up with a certain analysis with the morning.
But we take something very complicated to do it in sound -- in sound services and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start to work as an organization to work.
In fact, as a human -- we have started to make architects.
So now we go through the similar pressures to the models of the models -- we are going to take our methods of record, and the process of information.
For example, the language of language was a little step in that direction.
The television, the company, the carbon of video -- the Congress, and so on. They are the specific lessons that we now built to make that information.
And that brings us into something much bigger and able to evolved more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen.
They already saw the evolution of Titanic in which I produce a certain evolution with the Constitution program -- to our eyes.
And now we have come up with the scale of time again.
The first states of the story that I told you about a billion years every single one.
The next states, the nervous system and the brain, took some hundreds of millions of years.
The next one, the language.
And the next one, like the electricity -- it seems to take just a few decades.
The process is represented, I guess it is the right word to name something that takes their own change.
The more change, the more quickly it does.
And I think that's what we look at in this explanation of the future.
We see that the process is represented.
But I give me the life to design computers and I know that the lessons that I want to do to design them would not be possible without the recent infections that are going to be able to do it.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transform in that machine.
There are thousands of billion dollars.
Instead of that, with the designers of the Malaha Malah, we think about a level of adult, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you could not be able to be able to get very far and faster than never before.
In fact, sometimes we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using literally is the evolution itself.
We put it inside the machine an evolutionary process that goes on the scale of the microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolved a program from a high section of institutions of institutions in the instruments.
So we say, "The computer forest, you can run a hundred million tons of institutions in the back?
Could you be able to put these institutions of institutions when you go up with all of those programs -- and you take those people who are going to do what you want to do?
In other words, I discovered what I want.
So let's say that I want to offer numbers -- to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are going to be able to provide numbers.
Of course, it's a little bit more likely to be a little bit of instruments of institutions -- they get numbers -- so none of them did it.
But one of the surface, I could be able to get two numbers in the right.
And I said, compassion, could you take 10 percent of those things that make the bottom?
We put those and we feed the rest of it.
And now we remember the ones that the numbers.
And we went back to them to get them up with a property process to sex.
So we take two programs -- which will be able to be able to be committed, and that the children are going to do the programs of both problems.
So we got a new generation of products of the programs of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Why do you get the process of the process.
I call again.
And you get some mathematics.
And I tried to go up with another generation of another generation of it.
Well, every generation takes a few miles ago.
So I can do the equivalent to millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complex cases in a few hours.
At the end of the end, we ended up with programs that are going to come up with numbers that are absolutely important.
In fact, they are a lot more effective than I could have written hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to tell them to see how they work.
These are dark programs -- extraordinary.
But they use the community.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives stop doing it.
Once I was in a 1970s, I was in a 1970s, and I went up a shoe and he says, "I look at this.
He says, "This article has hundreds of thousands of particles that work together to offer a security sea. You don't make you feel a training?
We know that the engineering process they don't work very well when they take it up.
So we started to get out of computers to make a different design process.
And that allows us to produce a lot more complex things that I produce the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand all the choices that there is.
In that sense, it goes from us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so it can be able to get these programs much more quickly.
And it is, you know, it comes back.
The thing is getting faster and so I think it looks like that it looks like this.
Because all of these technologies are revolutional.
We are starting.
And we are in a moment that we are in the agricultural organisms when they became molecular organizations.
We are the legs and we can't understand how hard we are.
We're in the point of infection.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think that it would be very excited from our part to think that we are the end product of evolution of evolution.
And I think that all of us are part of the creation of what it is.
But now it comes to the light and I think I'm going to go up here before I was going to get up.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that should change.
And I think this starts with a doctor -- and that's me.
And I've been excited enough enough to allow me to get part of my favorite prison in that.
Before I treat the subject of my talk, we talk a little bit about biomass.
Why isn't it?
We are close to the end of the end, the World Sea.
We love the baby, right?
The biology is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's to go to the regions, and I talk about the statistics and use them to make a great team of biomass.
I'm going to focus on one of them and I hope many of you know.
It's called the average average.
And we talk about 300 percent of a battery that was based on.
And that means that the ball based on extraordinary, three of 10 times.
That means to take the paper to the game of play without being a strange, and anyone who tried to take it back to the first base -- it doesn't get time, and the second basis will be saving.
Three feet of 10 percent.
You know how you call a bit of 300 in the Great Lines?
Well, really well, maybe from the team of the stars of the stars.
Do you know how they call a ball of billion dollars.
By the way, that is somebody who was 10 pounds -- it takes four children.
Level listening -- like the Texas Texas, the last player of the Millennium Law in the Millenness of Britain in the more than a half miles in a record terrorist.
Now we bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable -- or maybe less interactive, after what I'll tell you today.
They assume that they have advances and they are destroyed to a surgeon that has also a 400 percent religion.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now guess that they live in a played place and a way to be a wanted to have two artistic artists and their family doctors and his family depends to a car as a record to a carbon in the agencies is 200 percent.
But you know something.
She's being better by this year.
And they have been 24.
This is not work.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think is that you should be the average of a heart or a head of a character or a grandmother or a general support."
1,000 very well.
And the truth of the question is that no one in the entire medicine knows the act of a good stranger, from a drug or a half or a half or a half or a half or a half or a half or a half or a half or a half or a half or a half or a half or a half or a half or a half of
So what we do, yet it's to send it to the world, and I love it with the man of being perfect to me.
And I never have to get a brother and try to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message that I was going on when I was in the medicine.
And I was a computer study study.
Once a sea in the school said that Brown Golden was studied to a blood shoe.
And so what that is.
I was studied in my little detail, in the record of the United States of Turkian Mexico -- not far from here.
And I learned all of me.
And from my architecture of artist, the origin and the molecular work, the relationship of every arm that comes out of the artist, the digital difference and the not happy.
And I even knew the hard difference about how to pick up the record transportation.
And as it turns out more and more knowledge.
And I was very well -- I was a little bit of hospitals.
And it comes out of the medical school with the impact that if you were metaphor all of you -- then you would know everything -- or the most powerful thing, because this is what I was going to be involved from the branches.
And it works for a time, until I met the Server Department.
I was responsible in a college hospital here, in Twitter when they brought up to the sea service at the service of the exceptions where I would work.
At the time I would give you to the seat of carbon.
And when you choose to be able to be able to be able to be able to go up to that patient.
And it will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
When I saw the South Department, I was going on.
I heard a whole sound sound too.
And when the car, I heard a black sound in both sides -- what I was inspired by a controlled corruption.
In these conditions the heart is going to work and instead of looking at the blood on front of it, the blood goes to the corners, these are full of blood -- and so there is a hard thing to solve it.
And it wasn't hard to distribute it.
I did it and I asked me to work in the treatment that he would give me.
And he gave him an approach and medicine to choose the pressure in his heart.
And he gave him distances, and so I could be able to be able to be able to get light.
And in one hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And there it was when I took the first brother, I sent her to his house.
In fact, I took two more.
He sent her to his house without talking to the record of research.
I didn't read the phone and I did what I should have done, that I was called my head and put it up with him to see it.
And if my girl would have seen it, I would have been able to put it into complex information.
Maybe I did it for a good right.
Maybe I didn't want to be a responsibility that was going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to be able to make responsibility -- that I could take out of my patients without even going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go to my
The second thing that I started to do was worse.
When you send her to your house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my environment that I said, "Good, it's not a good idea. Don't do it.
In fact, I was so excited that I asked the environment to go to the sea sea, "You think it's good if you go to your house?
And the environment thought and then he said with natural technique, "Yes, I think it will be good.
I remember that as if it was a little bit.
So it was that I went up the high thing, and the automatic together with the doctors they took her home.
And I went back to the hospital.
The rest of that day, I had a bad person in the state.
But I went with my work.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital and walk into the state where I was my car to go home. At that moment I did something that I don't do at all.
It happened for the service of the way to home.
And there another environment, not that I came from the Service Server before, but it said to me three words, those three words that most of the medical medical doctors are.
And the other species are also, but there is a particular part of emotions, and is that we see the patients that we look at it.
The three words are, right?
Right?
I asked the other environment with nature.
"What she came back, with the same time.
She was good.
But I went back and go back to the death.
At the end of one time to have come to his house, after I gave him a color and his family called the 1970s, the doctors were going to go up with an artistic pressure of 50 feet of 10, which means what a secret signal.
And I was just able to answer and it was blue up.
And the exciting person has done all their resources.
They gave him a drug to go up with the artificial pressure of it.
And they put it an artificial responsibility.
I was controlled and started up to the model.
I had a sense of feeling because then the statistics was in the international terrorist and wait against all hope that it would be recognized.
And in the two or three days or three days it was evidence that I would never get up.
He had a brain brain driver.
And the family gets up.
And in eight or nine days, they became what was happening.
And at the next day, they let them go to go -- the South Department, wife and grandmother.
They say that they never forget the names of what they die.
That was my first experience.
The next few weeks -- I went up with it and experience for the first time that there is in our medical culture and I felt just just -- it felt like that, and I felt not to feel like that blood satisfy because you can't talk to your colleagues with you.
You do the patients and you never make it a little bit more.
This is that stage that I left an association.
And the wrong thing that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad about it.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was bad -- but we are bad.
And that felt like that.
And it was not for my grandmother, he was a list.
I talked to the family and I am sure that I did the things and it would be sure that I would not be able to give me.
And I kept doing those questions.
Why did I not ask my hole? Why did I send her to your house.
And in my worst moment, why did I get a strange stranger.
Why does it get medicine?
A little bit of that feeling was designed.
And I started to feel better.
And in a particular day, you open the sky and finally came out the sun -- and I asked me if I feel better again.
And I did a transportation with me in which if you take the effort to be perfect to be perfect to not eat more extraordinary, I would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But I went back to happen.
Two years later, it was help in the device of emergency in a common hospital at the North Turk, and I got a man in 25 years with a pain in the garden.
I was very excited and strange.
And he was sitting here.
And I looked at his garden, I was a little bit color.
And I sent it up and sent it to his house.
But as he was going to the door that he was going to be able to keep her garden.
Two days later, when I came to make my character change, my daughter asked me to talk to me in his office in his office here.
And then the three words, right?
I remember the patient that I saw for a pain in the garden?
So he went back and I didn't have a special family.
He had a positive application called the electricity.
You can look at it in Google -- this is a infection, not from the garden, but it goes out of the substance -- and that can be able to cause the risk of those go.
He certainly didn't get it up.
It was analyzed by the interview and it comes back to the few days.
And they take the same period of search and records, and then I went back and come back to work, until it happened over and over again, and again.
So two times in the same trick term, not discovery acceptable.
And it is a great effort -- especially working on a hospital -- because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think there is a discovery.
One of them thought that I had a real car.
You have a piece of tools -- but it turns out -- a colleague that I was reading to the patient in the patient in the bottom right and called the surgery.
The other patient was with a lot of diagram.
And they open it up to recognize and I asked my colleagues to do it.
And you get it up and you get a certain sense in the top of the right, called the surgery.
both of them were operates and they were taken well.
But every single case I got up, I was designed.
But I would like to tell you that I took the worst trips in the first five years, and as a lot of colleagues say, is a why.
The most significant people have been over the last five years.
It just looks at and without support and support.
And here's the problem, if I can't be able to read and talk about my breakthroughs, if I can't find the voice that I would tell me what it really happens -- how could you share this with my colleagues with my colleagues with me.
How do you teach them to do this for the same substances?
If I would go into a place like this, I had no idea what you think of me.
When it was the last time you heard somebody will talk to somebody about factory, after factory, after factory?
Of course in a piece you heard about the environments of other medical things, but you don't hear someone talking about their own tricks.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a transparency in my hospital and the wrong legs -- tell me that I would have hard to look at the eyes.
This is the system that we have.
The total measurement of the traits.
It's the system that there are two positions, the ones that are going to eat the robots and the ones that can't give you and the ones that you have to have results and the ones that have a result of results and the ones that have successfully.
And it's almost like a democratic reaction -- as an alternative that they start going to that person.
We have the idea that if we look at the medicine to the people who are going to be able to be able to be a safe system.
But that brought two problems.
In 20 years away from distance and medical prison, I have made a personal study of bad medical and medical prisoners to learn how possible -- from the first article I wrote for the United States to my program, "Women County, Bangladesh Arabic, Bangladesh Arabic."
And what I learned is that the robots are soldiers.
We work in a system where the robots happen every day, where one of each 10 private drugs in the hospital are wrong.
In this country, they die 24 cars by the entire medical metaphor.
The United States of the United States of the United States.
In both cases, it's about carbon substances, because we're not giving the problem as we should be.
And so they're the things.
A hospital system where the knowledge is moving every two or three years old, and we don't do it.
The practice of the dream is all involved by it.
And we can't get away from it.
So we have a cognitive sense that allow us to make a perfect story of a patient with a pain in the chip.
Now, let's take at the same patient with a pain in the chip, and it comes up with high eyes and flower to the state and suddenly my story.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do the same thing.
And my patients are not cars -- not relate to the same way.
And all of this, the robots are international areas.
So if we take the system as you were taught -- and we feed all of the properties that are going to do, well, it's not going to make any one.
And with the people who don't want to talk about their most greater cases of them.
In my program -- "The white art, "The black art is already a country to say, "This is my worst stuff." I would tell you, from the paintings to the state of sandwich sandwich, this is my worst background, balance, blue, block, "What are your breakthroughs? And I would take the microbes to them.
And their students would say, remember, they would go down the head and they were going to go out and start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say, "Look, don't eat the same stage."
They need a context where to do it.
They need a recording medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The demand doctors is human -- you know, the activity, and it doesn't get away from your breakthroughs, but you have been able to learn from what happened to teach others.
It share their experience with them.
It's support for those who are talking about their breakthroughs.
It sounds the brands of other people who are not going to be able to take them up, but in a kind of love and support so that they all benefit up.
And I work in a medical culture that recognize that human beings are going to get the system, and when this happens, they are getting the terrorists of time.
My name is Brazil Google.
I am a recording doctor here.
I am a human.
And I feel a lot of it, but I feel about learning something that can transform others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me close with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day.
Do you know how much we do in a week?
And I did a little bit more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that says to pick up a average Americans -- it's about 60 to a day.
It doesn't do a lot, in a research went for a week to a group of company.
The researchers took up the different things that are defined by these exceptions and the time that they were going to be able to make decisions related to those targets.
They found that in average, they get 1970s in a week.
Now even every job is a whole lot of microbes.
The half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Just about 12 percent.
Now think about their choice.
Do you know how many of you are going to get to the character of nine minutes, and how many of you in a hours, and how many of you in a hours, and how many of you in a hours, and how many of you in a hours, and how many of you in a hours, and how many of you in a hours, and how many of a
How do you make the way that you make those decisions?
I want to talk to you about one of the biggest problems of the activity, will choose to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get out of the
I want to talk about the problem and about a few other solution.
As I talk about this I'm going to do a few questions and I need to know their answer.
When you make a question, like I'm a blind -- you get your hand only if you want to be able to be collaborative.
On the other way, when you make a question, if your answer is possible by the end of a pattern.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the property of options."
Thank you.
This is the station of the University of Stanford, I found this kind of very, very high level -- at least in that time it was very sophisticated at least at least at the time.
It's called Department.
It was almost like going to a different piece of fun.
There were about 25 different kinds of motor and collection, over 500 different kinds of fractions and observations and about 25 percent water, and this was when we took water water.
I love to go to that time, but in one room I asked me, why did I never buy anything.
This is the subject of the operating act.
They had more than 75 different kinds of different cells, including the ones that were in front of me that they come out of military trees.
Once I decided to look at the grandmother and I asked him, it works well this structure to offer all these options?
He felt like the balls full of traditions that came up with every day, usually with their car.
We decided to make a little experiment with the metals. This is the one.
Park.
They had 37,000 different cells.
So we tried a piece to say, right to the inside of the atmosphere.
We put up out there of six sea, or about 24 different vessels and we looked at two different things, first of all, what about people was willing to stop the member of the member?
More people were left when there were 24, a 60 percent, that when there were only six percent.
We also look at what case they were more likely to buy a market of members.
Here we found the opposite effect.
What they were left when there were 24, only three came to buy memory.
And you know, you know, when you were six -- we saw that 30 percent.
If we do the clinics, the people had six times more likely to buy members if they found six that if they were going to find 24.
Well, to decide that we didn't buy the memory we would probably eat us -- -- less is good to make the line, but it turns out that the problem of the choices that we have to do in a good definition of operations.
We decided not to decide -- even when this doesn't tell us.
Now the issue of the day -- the financial saving.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with George Harvard, and Lakot Kan and Wall Japan, where we look at the decisions on the cardioses of a million Americans -- in between about 600 planets of this country.
We were interested in looking at if the number of forest officers were available in plants of salts for the program, the 3D program programmers to save people to save for the future.
And we found that I really know there was a control.
We had 125 plants that went from two, to 42 different effects.
We found that the greater the number of open forests, there were less particular.
So if you look at the end, you see that in the plants that are going to have two forests, the particular rate was about 70 or more, not as high as you want.
And in the plants that are going to be able to be able to go up with about 60 degrees -- the particular rate of the party determines the 19th other.
It turns out that even if you decided to participate -- when there are more choices -- even in that case, there are no negative conditions.
So for those of you who decided to participate -- how much more of them was the number of choices -- more people are used to avoid the access or the instruments of investment in it.
In the way there were more choices -- they were more willing to invest in the financial financial things.
But no one of these extreme decisions are the ones that we were going to do to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to support the future.
In the front of the bottom we have seen three main negative consequences when we offer more and more possible.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision that they put it even when this goes on against the Internet.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions -- in the financial and the health.
They are more likely to pick up less surrounding things -- even though it goes better.
The main reason is that we are going to look at that giant variation of most massive, moving, common and memory, but we are not able to do the cells to share -- to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
So today I want to ask you four simple techniques that we've been talking about, in a way or other, in different research, so that you can try to teach their business.
The first is, County.
You have heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which is more.
People are always going up when I say, "Hey, carbon.
They worry about losing space in the animal.
But actually what we are seeing is that if you decided to be able to cut up, you can get out of the extraordinary operations, you would have an increase in the views, and you get the cost -- there will be a better experience in the choice.
When I was Prison Gate spent 24 different types of Harvard Charles to 16, they saw an increase of 10 percent.
When the Google Golden Court was able to feed the products for cars that are less self-assemble, they were used to use the used in percent, for two cases, and a little bit of contexts and less things.
You know that the surveys of today, in the average of the average of the printer of 40 products of it.
In a state of Washington, you get about 100 products about it.
But the name is bigger in the current world in the current world is Alice and it turns out only 120 products -- a kind of satisfied state statement.
In the world, I think that one of the best examples that have been used about how to move better the choices is the plant of David Line, the Project Project.
All of the employees of Harvard are interacting to a sense of life.
As they really want to be able to get up, you get it up to 20 degrees -- not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut it.
They're all importantly.
So the first thing I do is to ask the employees, "Make the differences that there are between those options.
And if you get their employees can't do it, you can't be able to do their clinics?
This later, before I started this sense, I was talking to Garis.
He told me that it would be willing to offer the people in this audience in the top of all of them with the most beautiful rate in the world.
Here you can see it.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave you a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to get a platform if you are ready to take the effect of Garden.
(Cartieral states. All right.
Are they not more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a third.
Who is ready for that trip."
I think it's actually going to hear more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first rock, which in the second, but I can tell you that they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
And this leads me to the second techniques to make the problem of the option of options that are constantly.
For people to understand the differences between operations, they have to understand the consequences of every capita -- and the conditions have to feel very critical in a very powerful way, very conservative.
Why is it that the people spend 15 to 30 percent more in average when you use stage shoes or creature, which when you use effective.
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to make it more real -- it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Silicon Browness and Alexander Prince, about NASA person who would work in English -- these people were in a meeting where they were taking up to a 200-year-old planet.
At the time, that we become exactly how it would be understood, we made a little application.
What we did is we used to do the person who would think about the positive things that are going on in their lives if they save more money.
With this mission there was an increase on the patterns of 20 and an increase in the amount that they were interested in save or what they wanted to be able to put in their sandwiches of savings, four percent.
The third techniques is Charles.
We can move more expensive than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a state of records.
And we saw that in the West Super sandwiches at the top of the north, the record experiment can continue from 370 different kinds of different guys to 72.
But you know?
Because the climate is going to tell me how to do it.
These are two textbooks of galaxies.
One is called "The Sandom, and the other, "Shelland: "Great."
If you think that the left of the left is Santa and the right of the right is Japanese, you have a pattern.
(Carter planets. Well, there are some of them.
If you think that the left of the left is Japanese and the right of the right is Santa, you have a pattern.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The left of the left is Japanese and the right is Santa. But you know something.
This scanner of climate is totally amazing.
The cars have to be able to get something like that, not when you do it.
You can often see this problem with those huge kinds of forests.
Where are they interactively?
My fourth career, and I would turn the complexity up.
It turns out that we can make a lot more information than what we think, if we just think about it.
We have to increase the complicated complexity of it.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean say.
Let's see a very complicated decision -- the buy of a car.
This is an amazing amount of cars that allow us to pay it through it.
You have to take 60 decisions to make the car.
And these decisions are going to look at the number of choices that I offer every one.
Conservative, color color of the car -- I have 42 possible.
Mother, for change, four options.
What I'm going to do is to look at the order where the decisions are.
So the half of the cells are going to go from a lot of choices -- 12 colors -- for a couple of collaborations.
The other half of the cells are going to go out of a little bit of choices, four degrees -- to 12 color, a lot of operations.
And what am I going to look at it?
So how do you are.
If you do it always the boat of the definition in every decision in every decision that you have been accounting, or it is, you know, we're losing them.
We found that the people who go from a lot of choices to a few to a few times -- they will get the boat over and over again, and another more.
We lose them.
If you go from a lot of choices to many, you get there.
The same information, the same number.
The only thing I did was to take the order that the information.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn to pick up.
Even though the change of change is not going to say nothing about the properties of the interaction -- all of us are allowed to choose to choose it.
We have a product that we are building us that now has more excited with the process.
In order to go.
I've been talking about four techniques to kill the problem of the operation of the operation, control, coming up with extraordinary anticipations, Congress, to make it real -- called it -- cancer, we can make more expensive with less chances with less options.
All of these techniques that I've been asked to have been designed to help the adventures -- or better for you, to use them in their images, or for the people who are serving.
It's that I think the key to get the best of a choice is being able to be carefully.
And the more we are going to be in our best choices we can be able to do the art of choose to choose it.
Thank you very much.
In the 1970s, in the World Europe, if you had a machine to write it to the government.
I had to give up a piece of example of example with the machine.
And this is so that the government could be able to bring up the original organ.
If you found a writing with the right message you could play the ground to the original of the idea.
In the West we don't know that someone could do this -- a lot of it is going to be able to be able to do this to be able to make it out of the experience.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2010, if you buy a color picture of any great and imagine a page -- that page will end up to have a little bit of high printers in every page that you have a pattern that makes them own people from one and in your printer.
That is happening today.
And nobody seems to get a lot for this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology in control of us, the cities.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the line in line we can take the artists in your antibiotics.
There are three main groups.
They're the circuits.
Like Santa.
The climate model is very easy to understand it.
These guys make money.
They use the cars to make a lot of money, anti-protection antibiotics.
There are really many cases of millions of miles in line -- microbes, who would make money with their audiences.
This is London State, from Alaska, Stanford.
This is Japanese God.
This is Steve Wall.
This is Brooklyn Stanford.
These are Mars Anderson: Texas All and so on.
These guys are doing their films in line but they do it by the pictures that are going to be able to make money from our questions when we buy in line -- or they cut our key to get information from our tasks when we buy in a computer computer.
The secret service of the United States -- two months ago, I continue to tell you the survival of this side, San Japan, and this thought was 17 million dollars when it was critical.
The Sun. He was going to be surrounded by the state -- it gets out of the fatal.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us will be able to be able to be visible from a real crisis.
And it's very obvious that this is going to be wrong in worse at all.
In the future, most of them will happen in line.
The second group of arguments in matter that we look at today is not moral for money.
There is another thing that moves to them, and they are going to get them up with the proteins, and you get the operations -- you can get the resources.
Thank you.
Those are the three main advances, the crimes that they do for money, the drawings like Antarctica that do it to protect and the last group are the national state the government the governments that were going on.
And then we see cases like the Department.
This is a good example of government anti-protection against their own cities.
Density is a collaborative crisis of the United States, or actually it was.
Depression the last thing because of a substance.
They started the security of the site and they took a car.
And the last week I asked -- in a meeting of the government government -- I asked you one of the leaders if you found the death of people to be able to be able to be able to discover it.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how did people die from a artist of this?
Dish is a clear authority.
They sell climates.
Why do you look at the circumstances?
Well, you need if you have a website with the hospitals, services surrounding South, services like Galo.
And I know that you can get an entire authority authority.
And they are going to be able to be application collective.
And in the case of saying exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Prison, and those things that have happened for example, in Edica?
Well, in effect, the definitions were standing on the sense of the secret police selection of 2010 and during the bottom of the building. They found a lot of paper.
And between those paper.
And within that phenomenon there was a company of a company in George that had been sold by the environmental government to interact a big scale of the citizens of the country.
They had seen this tool for 2007, 2000 to the European government.
The sound of companies is right here.
And it is, the Western governments are going to give them tools to the local governments to do this to their cities.
But the Western governments are also doing this to themselves.
For example, in George, just a couple of weeks ago, I found the Sun Sunday, a tradition used by the general government to research their own cities.
If you have a survival in a nice case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interactive.
But today.
And you get into the Internet.
They will use even tools like the Service Sustain to invest our computer with a tradition to allow them to see all the communication and listen to the distributions in line to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be "Well, it looks like something bad -- but I don't actually affect me because I'm a hospital city.
Why would you worry about it?
I don't have anything to go on.
And that argument has no sense.
It is in play in play.
The private is not destroyed.
It is not a question of the practice against the security of the security against it.
It's about the corruption against control.
If we could be able to trust our governments today in 2010, any right that we solve today, it will be forever.
Can we be constantly in any future government, in an argument that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I lived -- I live in Kenya, in the South National Park of National National.
These are the values of my dad -- in the end, and behind the vaccine, the National Park of National.
The National Park of National Daniel has no close in the most part of the south -- which means that they are substantial animals like the military grandmothers of the party outside of the party.
And detections, like the legs, and this is what they do.
Make our game.
This is one of the ones that killed for the night, and so soon we get on the morning and we found it really felt very bad because it was the only thing that we have.
My community, the mathematics, we believe that we came from the sky with our animals and all the land for them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up a long way to the legs.
The mountains are warming to protect our community and the game, and they are also moral with the problem.
And so they kill them readers.
This is one of the six laws that killed in Nature.
I think there are so few in the National National Park.
A child in my community, the six to the seven to nine years, is responsible to his father and this was the same thing to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought that the laws would be afraid of them.
But I realized that this is actually not going to be, because I even helped the laws to see the state of side.
I didn't give me away.
A second idea was to use a paradigm.
I was trying to go to the laws so they believe that I was close to the ground.
But the laws are very smart --  They came up with the first day and they came up with the particle, and the second day, but the second day, they went back and they said, this thing doesn't move -- it's always here.  So they went out and they were an animals.
So a night was walking around the ground with an artist and that day the laws didn't come around it.
I found that the laws have fear to the light that is moving around.
So I had an idea.
And I got a interaction that will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
And this is a little bit of a robotic line.
And I love everything.
So as you can see, the solar solar painting the bacteria and the bank shipped the electricity to the small box -- I call it a transportation.
And the individual box makes the lights to get up.
As you can see, the books are going to be, because that's where you come out of it.
And that's how you see it when you come from night.
The lights come up and put them to the laws so that they think I'm walking through the state, but I'm giving me in my face.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never went back to have problems with the legs.
And the houses of the view knew the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
And she had taken a lot of animals and I asked me if I could put the light.
I said I know.
You can put it up, you can see the bottom -- these are the lights for legislations.
Since then, I've been interested in seven houses in my community and they're looking at a lot.
And my idea is also used now by the whole Kenya, to be able to make other depressions as young, legitimate, and it's also used to be used to be able to spend the grandmothers of the grandparents.
Thank you to this invention -- I had the ability to get a ball in one of the best schools in Kenya, British Internet State, and I'm very excited to me.
My new school is now helping us to get out of the forest and contained.
It even led to my friends to my community and we invented light in the house that don't have, and I teach them how to put them.
So one year ago, it was just a child in the prisoners of my father, and I used to look at it and just look back to me, and he told me that some day would be inside one.
And here I go.
I got the opportunity to come up with the first time to TED.
And my great dream is to get to be an engineering and paper when I grew up.
I used to go to the legs, but now as my invention is coming to the vaccines of my dad and the legs, we can be with the laws without any conflict with it.
I know what in my language means -- thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine the exciting thing that you have to hear a story like you.
So I got a balloon.
CA: You are working in other electric institutions.
What is the next in your list?
RB: My next invented is, I want to make a classic close -- CA: A climate care?
RB: I know that they were already invented by the electric care, but I want to do the morning.
CA: So I was going to tell you one time, right?
We're going to add in every step that you do, friend me.
Thank you very much. RB: Thank you very much.
When I was a small, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up with a song called "Don't discover anything?
And I felt very proud to me.
In school, we spent all the time by studying the story of Kimba America, but we never learned a lot of the rest of the world, except that America of the South Street is the experiences.
Even though I was asking me about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all my life in North America, until it all changed it out of it.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public experience.
But I thought my life in North America was normal at all.
My family was not poor and I had never been happy before.
But one day, in 1998, my mom brought home a little bit of my sister of my sister in my sister of my sister of my sister in my sister of my sister of my sister of my sister in my sister of my sister of my sister of my sister coming.
And he said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't changed in the two weeks old.
We are responsible together in the floor -- and our bodies are so hard, that we're prepared to die?
I was very straightforward.
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country.
At the time, when I walked up in front of the transportation, I saw something terrible that I can't get out of my memory.
A woman without life was dead in the street.
No one would help them because they were very concerned to get them and their family.
And a huge female half of the North Arabia at the middle of the 1960s.
At the end, more than a million tons died during the hole and only a little bit of them are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go out and started in the robot.
They also did more and more freedom the energy, all of my around the energy -- all of my around the night in the extension of the sea in China, and they were just growing the river from my house.
I always asked me why they had light and us.
This is a significant picture of North York in the night in the night in the night of the time.
This is the United States -- which is the little line between North and China.
As you can see, the river can be very analytical in certain points -- allow them to grow out to be service.
But many die.
Sometimes I look at your body in the area.
I can't read the details of how I came out of the North Control, but I can only say that for the years of the hole I was sent to China to live with a little bit of light particles.
But I just thought that I would be surrounded from my family for a time.
I could never have imagine that I would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like as a normal record.
But soon I learned that it's not just very difficult -- but also dangerous -- because the normal resources in China were built interactive interactions.
So I was living with a conference that my identity would be recently, and it would be represented to a wonderful destiny of back in North York of the North Control.
One day, my worst dance was made -- when I went up with the Chinese police and I was interested in the police station.
Some of them had taken me to be a normal -- then they would take my skills in the Chinese language and made me a lot of questions.
I was a lot.
I thought my heart was going to express it.
If it didn't look like natural -- it could be a factory and definitely.
I thought my life was going to end up.
But I got to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the environment an office said to another, this was a fantastic resource. She's not a narrative.
And they left me to go. It was a million.
Some of them in China would look at it in the early seats.
But many of you can be arrested by the Chinese public and detailed.
These women had a lot of subject.
And even though they were called it, they were eventually limited after an international pressure printer.
These robots didn't have so much survival.
Every year, they are carefully made in China.
Even though I was a strange in scale, many other resources have not had so much survival.
It is traditional that the resources have to support their identity and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and find work, everybody can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
This is why after 10 years of transparency my identity -- I've decided to make sure going on the South State.
And I started a new life again.
It will be able to be able to be a much greater challenge of what I expected to.
The English was very important in North South, I had to start learning my third language.
And also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and Street.
We are all cars, but in front of us, we've got to be very different.
They even take an idea.
am I surprise or really?
Where do I do? Who am I me?
In the way, there was not a country that I could call it with me.
Even though I was going to take the life in North America -- it was not easy -- I made a plan -- I started to study for the end of the interview to the University of the University of the University of the University to the University of the University.
And I just started looking at my new life, I got a called a carbon called it.
So the University of North Arabia was involved by some money I sent to my family, and as a shoe, my family was going to be started to the force to the force in the outside of the observatory.
They had to get out of interactive.
And so I began to plan how to help them stay out.
The resources have to travel very long in the way to the freedom.
It's almost impossible to grow the book between North and North State.
And so, I took a back to China and I love to the book with the North Control.
Because my family could not talk about Chinese -- I had to take them up, in a way, for more than three miles through China and then through the list of Asia.
The journey in cars took a week, and we almost went up with several times.
One time, our car was desired and accepted by an office of China.
And I asked the identity of all, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese -- I thought my family was going to be a broad.
When the Chinese office came up to my family, I put my family and I told me that they were a certain people who was coming up.
And I looked at me, but I looked at me.
We did all the way up to the front of the Laws.
But I had to spend almost all my money to go to the books that are going to be able to go up to the books in London at all.
But even after I'm going to go up with the book, my family was an artist and the face of creating the fraction of the background.
After pay motors and supermarkets, my family was limited in a month.
But at the time, my family was analyzing and fly again.
This was one of the most low points in my life.
I did all of us to look at my family, and we were so close to my family and my family was recently recently in the discovery of the South Superman Control.
I was going on and came up with the office office and the political station, and I was going to try to feed my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more or a half or a half of them.
He lost the hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man to say, "What is the problem, "What is the problem, "What is the problem.
I was so surprised that a device would be able to ask it.
With my English poor and with a district, I was going to tell you the situation -- and no matter what the man was to the automatic character and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two degrees and to get them out of it.
I gave him all my heart, and I asked him, "Why did I help me?
"I don't help you, he said.
"I'm helping the north person.
I realized that that was a similar moment in my life.
The lower shoe was surprised by a new hope for me and for the normal village when we needed it.
And I showed that the ball of the designers and the support of international community are really the kinds of hope.
With the time, after our long journey -- my family and I got in North Country of the South State."
But to get your freedom is just half the battle of the battle is just half of the battle of it.
A lot of robots are sitting out of their families and when they run to a new country, they start with a little bit of money.
So we can benefit out of the international community with education with education, printing of the English principle, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North York and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue to go in contact with families still inside and money and money and money that's helping us change the North York from the United States.
I have been very fundamental, I've got a lot of help and inspired in my life, so I want to help you give you a chance to pay with international support with it.
I'm sure you're going to look at more and more organisms around the world, including the TED.
Thank you.
I live in South South South.
So this is Child Street, they have a little bit of lights, and it food factory, the balloons of barriers.
So the plants of the city came up and they thought, we're going to change the name of Congress State so that it turns out something else, so they changed the Angeles State, as if this will be able to be wrong in the city.
So this is the South Anderson --  You have a little bit of lights, and you have a little bit of factors, and you have a lot of barriers.
Like 27 million other Americans -- I lived in a list of food -- the Angeles California Country -- home from the food places to take and eat in the car.
The opposite is that the food places to take more people than food in the car.
People are dying from the correct diseases in the Los Angeles California.
For example, the rate rate in my view is five times higher than say, "Look at Higgs, which is like 15 miles away.
I was able to see that this country.
And I ask me, how do you feel if you didn't have access to the healthy food -- and if every time you go out of home you see the effective effects that the food food system has in their realistic?
And I see six-year-old corners and sold them as cars used as carefully.
And I see the countries of diagnostics like Schools.
And I think this has to go.
I think the problem is the solution.
The food is the problem.
And I was already able to move up with 45 minutes of agency and go back to buy a market that doesn't have personality.
What I did was to plan a forest of food in front of my house.
In a land of land that we call a dance.
This is about 45 feet to me.
The point is that it comes to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I was going to do in game, because it's my responsibility and I have to do it.
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, Linegraphic Grandmother, and we began to plan our food, and we started to plan our food forest of food, you know, the new complex training.
So what we do, we are a kind of a group paradigm for all of the protections of all the properties, all over the city and completely volunteer, and everything we do is great.
And the game, it was beautiful.
And then someone got up.
The city came up with me and they were able to give me a chip to say that I had to remember my garden, the chicken had been made a hunting office.
And I said to me, let's go at all.
A hundred order to plan food in a piece of land that no matter important?  So I was like, "Well, I'll call it.
Because this time I wasn't going to happen.
Life.
We had the violence in our hands.
My advantage even called to tell you that they were able to tell you that they were doing.
I mean, you know, why isn't it?
Life is the city of the United States with more barriers of background.
It has nine miles of battery tools.
That's about 20 percent.
That is enough enough to plan 660 million tons of task.
Why don't you look like this?
It will grow a plan to give up a couple of them to give up a thousand seats.
When one dollar of students will give you 75 dollars of result to you.
This is my story, when I say people -- you get your own food.
Control your own food is how you can imagine your own money.
You see, I have a meeting for South South.
I grew up there. I created my kids there.
I'm going to be part of this reality that was dealing with me for each other, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm art.
The dance is my graph, I climate my art.
And as a graph of graphic, which is a grandmother of graduate, I have a bit of stages, and I have a barrier of stages.
I use the game, the land as a piece of food, and the plants and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the
And they were surprised to see what the land can do if you let it be your food.
You just can't imagine the amazing thing that is a galaxy and how it affect people.
What happened?
I am a little bit of how my Japanese became a expert of education, of my version.
To change the community, you have to change the impact of the Earth.
We are the Earth.
They are surprised to see how the kids are.
The dance is the most typical and private access that you can do, especially in a current.
And also, they get fragments.
I remember a state, who came a mother and his daughter -- they were like the 1970s, and they were in my Japanese, and they were going to look at a lot of access.
I mean, a man I felt wrong that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is in the street for a right.
I felt to look at people who were so close to me with half, and this only represents why I do this, the people ask me, "Let's don't take people that people are going to break your light?
And what I say, "I don't have a fear that you go to recognize?
So that's in the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take it, but at the time, I want you to get your health.
There was another thing that I put a slide in a record in the center of the Angeles.
They were these kinds of guy, who helped me be able to pick up the way.
It was fascinating, I became their stories about how it had been addressed, and how they used to pay with his mom and his grandmother, and it was a picture to see how it changes them, so it was just for a moment.
And so Greek Grandma has come to plan maybe 20 dollars.
We've had -- like about 50 people who come to work and participated, all of them in the volunteer planet.
If the kids are going to, the kids are going to eat collection.
If you grow together, you eat terrorists.  But if nothing of this is taught you, if you don't teach you how the food is the mind and the body, you eat you what you're going to give you in front of you.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing in which they are attacked -- I see a little bit of color that are in this way designed for them, which doesn't take them to any side.
With the Japanese, I see an opportunity where we can bring these kids out of their communities to have a substantial life.
And when we do this, who you know?
Maybe you have the next George George Campaign.
But if we don't change the impact of the land -- we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plants, this is something I want to do.
I want to plan a whole set of games, where people can share food in the same way.
And I want to take you together and turn them into health.
They don't get me.
I'm not talking about big things -- because it is a farmer is not surprising.
The control of the survival, is you have to do it.
So what I talk about is to put people to work to people, to go to the kids from the street, which will know the general and the honor and the honor of making their own food -- open markets of artists.
So what I want to do here, we have to do it sex.
And I want you all to become a economic resources, personalized, grandmothers back.
We have to change the grandmother of what's a station.
If you're not a game, you're not a grandmother.
What are the ones taking their store, right?
So that is the subject of choice.
In fact, if you want to get me with me, well, if you want to see me, I don't call me if you want to sit in computer chains, and you have resources to talk to you a little bit about, to talk to you a little bit about.
If you want to see, they come back to the slope with his word so that we can plan something.
Okay. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Music --  (Pauling of microbes."   probably all of them are going to do with me in which this is a very nice way.
It's made of a station, and the scale is a good material to get up, but not always in days like today, where it takes a lot.
You can have a great amount of water in the screen that saved it.
And especially if you go back in your biology and these cars go on, that's not very hard.
In addition you can do it a lot to do a long way.
It's a strange material and if we build rights, like in the United States, very close to the cities, we wanted to be a single signal.
And the solution for that is to make a little bit.
Now, a matter that we use now in most of the cars in the United States, it has free and water can go through it, so all of the water water.
The noise is also going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be done in these
Because it is very human, all of the noise will get up, so it is a very simple way.
It also has a discovery, of course, and the depression of this career is that you can get up.
What is it going to be doing? You see that in this room of the surface.
First of all, then a couple of more and more and more, and so on, and then well, I don't do that.  But you can give you your bodies, and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more data.
Sometimes you can create bacteria with that.
There it is.
But of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can really see how the day is in this material here.
This is a short scale, like I said, so it only has a little amount of head between the paintings.
Because of the interaction, to the supply light -- the support, this grandmother, the painting between the neighbors, and if you get up, and if you get up, you will get microbes and you get out of the architects.
So if you go up by the roof, you will go up with the arms -- as you saw it here.
In order to solve this problem, we think about relative materials in it.
If we can make this material going on, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is to use it is to use state land, and we can be able to cut out the stream of it in very small, and we can make those small pieces with the grandmother.
And so we have a little bit of little states on the side of the state in it.
Then you need a machine -- like what you see here, that you use in order to be able to be able to come to control, a machine machine.
The individual can calculate, especially the street, it's very good at that.
And so what you need to do is you can do it to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go up with the block, and the block will go up with these microbes and the legs will look at the surface.
Today, I used a little bit of microbes, because I can't bring the great machine here to the school.
The hours of microbes is a similar system.
I put the show -- I'm going to go to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine.
We thought a lot of shows up there, and then the government, they really saw our results and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try it.
So we gave us a car party, 400 meters from the AIDS Arctic -- where we had to make a piece of trial to try to test this stuff.
So that was what we did there. You see where we were doing the test on the rich, and then, of course, this career will be a several years without any day. That's what we know about the practice of the program.
We take a lot of shows of this career and we test them in the lab.
We made the shows -- we put a lot of carbon in them, we put them up with our interaction machine and we were going to get them back to it.
We can solve this many times.
Well, I can tell you that we have made a material using a matter using a face -- by using the energy energy to actually increase the life of the surface.
And now, of course, they have a control of if this also works.
We still have the show here. It's pretty clear.
In fact, you have to figure out first before I can show you how it looks like.
But I'm going to make an attempt to you.
Let's see. Yes, it works.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember a morning with the sound of the state in my house.
My father was listening to.
I had a great surgery in his face that was an amazing thing in those time, because the news is the general news for it.
"The flowers were being brought up with my father back?
I didn't know what I mean, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"I know you can go to a school, he said.
One morning I will never forget it.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the tops came out of Afghanistan and they made sure that kids were to school.
For the next five years, I looked at me as a child to fly my older sister that I couldn't be used to be used to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we could be able to do it.
Every day, we took a different robot so that no one could stay where we were going on.
We had to take the books in the market in the market so that it looks like that we were going to look at it that we were going to go out of bought them.
The school was in a house, more than 100 of us are appropriate in a little room.
It was nice in the invention -- but it was extremely clear at all.
We all knew that we had our lives.
So in when the school was running up by a week, because the states are surprised.
We always asked us what they knew about us.
Did you get out there?
Did you know where we live.
So we were active, but yet the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was approached and the kids a piece of it.
My grandmother was an extraordinary man for their time.
A total anti-control program of an African pressure of Afghanistan -- I invented that his daughter -- my mother went to school and so his father was ready.
But my favorite mother came back to me.
This is it.
It will go back two years ago, just to turn our house in school for girls and women of our version.
And my father, this is the first of all his family in getting education.
There was no doubt that their children had to get education, even their children, despite the tasks, despite the risks of the risks.
For him, there was a greater risk in not to choose their children.
For the years, I remember that there were moments where I was very Africa in our life and he was always assumed and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to get up, but my father said, "Man, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can break your money, you can be able to leave your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do.
So you still want to go up?
I have 25 years now.
I grew up in a country that has been available by the war.
less than six percent of the women of my age have more than the ball, and if my family had not been so common with my education, I would be one of them.
In change, I found me here in the Mississippi of German California.
When I came back to Afghanistan -- my grandmother, which was strange from his home for the value of the optimism of the device to get their children, it was one of the first ones to happy.
He didn't only go out of my college terrorist, but also that I was the first woman -- and I'm the first woman -- that I take it through the streets of Kanzi.
My family believe in me.
I dream in large -- but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I am the global paper of 100,000 -- a global field to support women.
This is why I care about South, the first and perhaps the only private school for kids in Afghanistan -- a country where it's still risk for kids going to school.
The exciting thing is that I see the students in my school with the way I want to be able to get the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families that, like the me, they open up for them, and even in front of a developed opportunity.
Like Alaska. It's not his real name -- and I can't show you your face -- but I can't show you the father of one of my students ...
less than a month ago, he and his daughter went out of the subject to his village to his village -- and literally they went out of being surrounded by a book in the way, for minute.
When you get to your house -- you are the phone -- a voice says that if you follow your daughter to school, you would go back to it.
Let me tell you, if you want to, he said, "I don't give the future of my daughter for their old and the ideal training?
What I've given to me from Afghanistan -- and it's something that is fascinating in the West -- is that behind most of those of those of those who we transform, there is a father who recognize the value of his daughter and you see that the success of her success.
I don't mean our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, it is the first set of the world's very very very world's future.
In the flowers, the girls who went to school in hundreds of them, remember it was a close.
But today, more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
And I found the Americans see the fraction of change.
I fear that these changes are not going to do a lot, after the U.K.
But when I come back to Afghanistan when I see the students in my school and their parents who open up for them, that the animals, I see a future future and a hard change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and powerful positives, and every day of South Scotts will remember it.
As I me, they sound in big one.
Thank you.
Now, I never forget the words of my grandmother who died in the experiment, "Hey, responsibility to Galaus. It stops against it.
But you never become a state revolution and you have no recording the "James Galaxy.
They have spent almost two years since it was that the revolutionary revolution was inspired by the mass of the most important movements as well as the experience of the experience of the experience.
A force with a lot of other lines -- inside and out of the country to call a day of the street and send a revolution against the race of Galaxy.
And we did it -- it was a great revolution.
We women and young young men were in the corner, and they were going on the rest of the resource, and they were going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be disappointed and social and social challenge.
They have shown a value to be able to be able to face the discovery of Galaxy.
They have shown a great sense of solution from the United States, to the rest of the surface.
Finally, after a period of six months of the bottle war and a little bit of about 50 degrees -- we were able to feed our country and make it to the task.
However, Gates left a car care, a record legislation, controlled and seats of accounting.
For four decades -- the radio record of Galai destroyed the infrastructure -- the culture and the moral structure of the living society.
It comes from the design and the challenges and the challenges -- I've got together to a lot of other women -- to remember the civil society -- taking up a transportation transition and right to democracy and national recognition.
They were taken up about 200 organizations in Ben -- and immediately after the Galaxy of Galaxy.
After a piece of 32 years old, I went back to Line and with a single energy, I began to organize the flowers on the developing development and access of language.
With an incredible group of women we were looking at the Patrick of women in the Paten, a movement of women, and a lot of women -- to open up by the social culture of women and by our right right in the building of democracy and peace of it.
I found me with a very difficult environment in the property period -- an environment that was more politically, which is more politically models of the electrical police and exceptions.
With the time, our interaction was approached and success.
The women would take a 17 percent of the National University in the first five years.
However, a little bit of the elections and the revolution as a everything, they were developing -- every day we found a number of violence.
And one day we were going on the news of the original magazine of the ancient market and the subjects of it.
Another day I took up with the news of the American station of the American design and the artist to the control.
Another day we took up with the news of the organization of the architecture of the arm.
And every day, every day we were going on with the government of military and their violence of human rights in the pressure of the pressure and their face of the law.
Our society, form for a revolutionary mental metal, and it has been accomplished from the ideas and the early principles, the social really, the social really, which we had to the beginning.
The intelligence, the exception and the evidence became the context of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to protect you with our story of the success of the success of the successful success, and the elections.
All right, I'm here today to tell us that we -- as a nation, we get bad -- we take the wrong decision to it.
We didn't ask well.
Because the choices were not going to go down the peace and the security and the security to Line.
Did you take the line and the advanced between cars and cars were painful and national revolution."
No, they didn't do it.
What happened then, so what happened then, right?
Why can our society be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be displayed and exceptions, so much for men like women?
Maybe what it was not just women who were not just women, but the physical values of compassion and income and including them.
Our society needs the national diagram and the creation of thinking more than the choices -- which are only taking out the police and the difference.
Our nation needs the quality of how much more than it is to need to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
We need to stop being able to act as a individual and call it to go back to it.
We need to start to act as a company of compassion and microscope.
We have to develop a family desire, which not only half of us, but it also put it in practice in the place in the place, the collaboration instead of compassion -- the attention in the experience.
So these are the ideas that a Line, destroyed by the war -- it needs to be done with the end of the end of the painting.
Because the peace has a strange that comes from the increase and the advanced between the physical perspective and the mathematics.
That is the real complete.
We need to find that in a successful way before doing it in a social way.
And I was going on with a village of the College Campaign, particularly, is the word of the God God, "The particular party.
At the same time, the word "Bank, which you know in all of the horrible traditions, it has the same robot in the Arab than the word "The word and the market workers, which goes up to the whole humanity that men and women, that all of the breaks and all the people have gone up.
And so, as the third thing is completely the engineering, which grew up inside the distance of the compassion of the community all the existence of it.
And so it says, "My microbes stay all the things.
This is what it says, "My microbes present about my window."
And you can all take the thank of the microbes.
Thank you.
I'm here today to tell you about an anti-interesting question, which has a simple response to me.
This is about the secret of the dominant violence and the question that I'm going to open up is the one that all they do, why did she be sure?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who would pay it?
I am not preparing, no social work, and it doesn't experience in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell you.
I was 25 years old.
I had moved to New York for my first work as a written and experience in the Service Revolution.
I had my first supply, my first green artist Arabia American -- and I had a very big secret secret here.
My secret was that a lot of times, a lot of times -- the man, that I created my general star -- I was left to the head with a piece, carefully with paintings of point.
The man that I took more than no one in this world, I put a painting in my head and fight to kill more times that I can remember it.
I am here to tell you the story of love, a profitable training, which is profitable from love, where every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could be his story.
I don't look like a surface of the dominant violence of the moral violence.
I'm limited in the University of Harvard and I have a MRI in Mars.
I've spent most of my career working to companies from the list of the Line "The "The Law John, between these John John Bean and the Washington Pole.
It took almost 20 years ago with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black black and controlled a computer Hollywood Christmas.
So my first message for you is that the moral violence can happen to anyone -- all of the relationships -- all the religious levels and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that all of you think the moral violence goes to women, which is a problem.
Not exactly exactly not.
More than 80 percent of the males are men -- and the moral open only happens in the financial relationships and the domestic and long distance or a long way or a long way, in the families -- the last place where we wanted or we would expect to find violence -- motivation by which the average open turns out that the distance is so straightforward.
And I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would go up with a man who would pay to him, and actually I was a very typical version because of my age.
I was 25 years old, and in the United States, the women of age and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be able to be virtual violence than the other agents, and more than 500 women and those age of that age are significant every year by particles, notes and hands in the United States.
I was also a typical video because I didn't know anything about the moral violence -- their sea signals or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns
I met Congress in a book and I took it at night at all.
I was sitting on my side in New York and started to figure out with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was also going to get out of a University of the Law Laboratory and I worked in a very important battle of Washington State.
But what I was interested in in that first found was that it was ready and fun -- and it seemed a little girl in the field.
And I had a little bit of big molecules like the manufacturers, and a book book -- and it looked like it looks like this.
One of the most smart things that he did Congress, from the beginning, was to create the importance that I was the component of the wall.
He did it on the beginning of the beginning by putting up in a piece.
We started to go out and I loved all of me, which was ready -- that I had gone to Harvard, that I was going to be able to help kids -- and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my infection, my dream and instruments.
Consequence believed in me, as a written and as a woman, like no one had ever done it.
And it was why the lesson in that pressure and the work in Washington, and his future future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first picture in any human violence is going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do and
And I didn't know that the second step is to stop it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave the work of my dreams -- but I thought I had to make sure that I had to do survey for your wall -- so I said, I left my work and Congress and I went together.
I had no idea that I was running on a little little little little little little little little little little party, and I was going to get up in a physical transportation, financial and physical programmers presenting present.
The next step in the moral violence pattern is to deal with the violence of violence to see how it represents it.
And this is where they go into the scale of those issues.
In the way we moved to New English you know, that site where you supposed to be supposed to feel so sure it was so safe to be done by three ways.
One of them had in the grandmother of the car.
Another guy under the hospital in our face and the third always in its back.
And he said that I needed those passions to the ground that I lived in a little bit.
I needed them to feel safe for you.
But those challenges actually were a message for me, and even though I had never read my hand up, my life was already in sexual serious every single day.
The first physical approach of Congress happened five days before our box.
They were seven in the morning, and I still had the car.
Five days later, when the 10 miles later, they had gone up, I put my mother from my mother and my mother with him.
And despite what had happened -- I was sure we will live happy for always because I took it up and he also wanted a lot.
And I was very, very strange.
There was just a very nice sense of the box and the fact that we would make a family with me.
It had been a strange acceptable and I never would make me day.
I spent two times more in our mile.
The first time I was growing up to a secret scale and I lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I was going to take a lot of times against the car.
And then, a couple of days later, growing out of the mountain of the middle of the mile, and it was adapted by the traffic and I would take a Big male to the face.
I was going to be able to give you one or two times a week for the next two and a half years.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of three American women is visual violence or a little bit of their life -- and the center of the control of diseases that every year 15 million children are standing on, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
I'm going to go back to my question: Why do I do that?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was making me.
At the context, I was a very strong woman who was a very strong man -- and it was the only person in the world that I could help Congress be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
The other question that everybody does is, why don't you just do it?
Why did I not do? I could have gone at any time.
So for me this is the most sad question and political question that people make people, because us, we know something that normally you can interact, it's incredibly dangerous to go to a male.
Because the last picture in the human violence is to kill it.
More than 60 percent of the seats in the case of the distance of the moral violence is going on after the violence has gone up to the relationship -- after that, because then the advertising is no longer to lose it.
And so other resources including the person -- even after the advertising has come back to calculation, even after the audience has been able to be able to be able to calculate the virus of the family of family and their children who are usually connected by the games to spend a time with the man who asked her mother.
And so we still continue to ask why it simply doesn't go from?
I was able to go back, and I was able to go up with a very last piece of paper that I came up with my nature.
I realized that the man who was born so much, I would have been killed if it would be allowed.
And so I remember the solution.
I told it all over the world, to my neighbors, to my friends, to my friends and families -- and I'm here today because you all help me.
We have the tend to be able to be able to be able to be able to be supported by specific women as a statement specifically, well-being women.
The question, "Why does it look like?
For some people is a way to say "The collaboration is the forest of the substances, as if the values will be able to be able to make sure of men who want to be able to show them.
But since I was looking at love, I have heard the stories of men and women who have been able to be able to be able to be able to learn an amazing lesson of what happened to them and they have their life lives and happy like employees, and many of them and mothers are completely free of violence -- like the me.
Because it turns out that I really am a video and a very typical visual violence of it.
I went back to me with a real man and a horrifying man and we have those three children.
I have that black black and also that microbes.
What I'm not going to go back to have never more, you know, it's a carbon picture by making my head in hands of someone who says I want.
At this moment, you are thinking, "Hey, that's family, or "Hey, what does it look like, but all this time, I have actually been talking about you.
I tell you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, that they're being wrong or that they were a little bit of small or they are abuse themselves.
The male could be acceptable to his daughter -- his sister to his best friend right now.
I was able to put the end of my own particular love to break the solution.
And I'm doing this today.
It's my way to help other violence, and it is my last pressure to you.
They talk about what you've heard here.
The audience is just in the solution.
They have the power to be able to be able to be able to be able to take light on it.
We need all the world.
We need each of you to understand the secret of the moral violence.
They take the muscle to the light talking about it with their children, their friends, their friends and family.
They pick up their view of services as fantastic and financial people that have a future future.
So you can recognize the secret signals of violence to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make sure to be a safe security.
Now together we can turn our faces, our table and our families in the safe and the sections that should be.
Thank you.
Hill.
To be pressure, from 10 years ago.
And I feel that in this moment there is a income television in the room because I shouldn't have seen like this.  On the way, I've been brought up to change.
This is the first change in a TED stage so that you have a lot of hard to test it, I think.
If a few of the women are holding up when it comes up, they don't have to get it right now, but I would find it later in Twitter in Twitter at all.
I also want to figure out that I have the privilege of power to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These cars are very intelligent, less than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this surgery by the head -- because it's when you're going to go out of me, so you don't do anything as I read your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been amazing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The application is powerful -- but it's also sure.
I've changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, there was never had a north in real life.
And I was totally interacting and the photograph told me that I would open the spinal and that I would go out of the girl.
Of course, I went out with water or an artificial baby like the one that I did two days ago for work, there is very little that we could do to transform our supply, which even though I mean, it has a great impact in our lives.
So today, for me, it will be worth to be honest.
I'm in this stage because I'm model.
Because I am a nice and white woman -- and in my favorite sector -- that's being a sex girl in my service.
I'm going to answer the questions that people are always doing, but it looks like.
The first question is, how is it going to be model.
And I always say -- I would always say, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made me model is because they get the genetic local, and I'm the benefit of a hole, and maybe you're asking what this heroes is.
Well, in the last century, we have not only discovered the beauty as a health and silence, which are basically profitable and season, which we are basically likely to do -- we also have been associated to a high and state film, to the force and a white skin of it.
And that is my husband -- I know that I've been able to be able to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who are now shown school, and maybe there are a few months of the way that they say, "Hey. There are New States, Twitter, John World.
First of all, the happiness for knowing so much of models -- it's amazing.
But I would probably have to tell you that in 2007, a study of the University of New York I told all of them and every one of the models in the pain, and from the 1970s, it's just 24, just 27, is to say, less than four percent -- they were not white than it.
The next question that people always do is, could it be model when it is.
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know, I don't know that.
But then, what I really would tell you to each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a complete carbon cardiot and police, which would be impressive, because they would be the first one.
If after this special list -- they still invest -- no, no, no, I want to be model -- then I tell you -- I know I -- I know.
Because I am not at all. And you could be the record of the record of the American Vietnam Vietnam or the American distance of HIV, or the next State State.
I mean, more of you want to be model is like to say that you want to win the light when you are greater than you.
It's out of your control -- it's amazing -- and it's not a work that you can choose to.
I'm going to show you all of what I learned in 10 years as a model -- because at the difference of the carbon water, it can solve right now.
I don't know what happened there.
In fact, once you have taken your studies -- and you have a corruption and a few work to your statistics, you don't care about what you say, I mean, if you said that you want to be president of the United States -- but your corruption said, "My correct robot for 10 years, people would look at you.
The next question that people are always doing is if all the pictures are recognized.
And yes, you can actually take all the pictures -- but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a biology, and I didn't even have my period of it.
I know that we're getting into the personal terror, but it was a child.
So I light up to my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I am in a piece of paintings a few days before the pictures for the French Volk.
So here I am with my favorite team and in the recent record.
And this is me at the time.
And I hope you realize that I am not me in those picture.
They are created from a group of properties, parallels, flowers, photographs, and states and states and all of them and people in front of them, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people are always doing is, you can get the greatest things?
I have too much straight of 20 times and I never use it, except the couple of the present, but the projects that I get in the real life, and we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a telescope, and I ended me to take money, and they gave me the big sea.
When I was a stage, I worked with my friend who was a conservative printer -- it was saved a service in red and, of course, they were going on, and it was a little bit of it, and you know, you have to be able to be able to get up.
I discovered of these projects for my supply, not for what I am -- and there are people who are paying a price for their way without matter who they are.
I lived in New York in New York, and last year from the 1970s, the 1960s that were going to go and recognize, 72 percent were black and landscapes, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 170 black young people and landscapes in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me --                  -- I mean, it's not a question of me."
But how many times about how many times would I be started?
So when you research for this talk, I understand that at four percent of the kids in the United States in the United States doesn't like your body, and that number goes back to seven percent.
So the last question that people do is, how is the life of a model.
And I think the answer that you expect is, if you are a little bit more discovery and you have the world's large, you feel very happy and supported.
And behind the car, we give a answer that maybe it looks like this.
We said, it's really wonderful to travel in, and also incredible to work with creative people, engineering and advanced.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens because what we never say in front of the cars -- what I've never said for them -- it is, I am inspired.
And I'm because I have to worry about my way every day.
And if you ever ask you, with a few more dangerous legs and the most broad head, it will be more happy.
They only have to get up with a group of models -- because they have the most discoveries that are the most discovering and the most broad and the most more to the way, but it's probably the most important women in the planet.
But on all of it was a hard thing to look at a very rich side of rich and genome when I am one of the biggest benefits of it.
If there is something that comes out of this talk, I hope that all of you feel more comfortable to recognize the power of the image of the image that we have from the success and the factory.
Thank you.
So the photograph has been my passion since it was enough enough to get a camera -- but today I want to share with you my 15 main pictures -- and I didn't go up with me that I went on.
There were no artistic directions, or no opportunity to solve the pictures -- not even a lot of care in the light.
In fact, most of them were going to be able to go into it.
My story starts when I started in the city of New York to give me a population, my wife took me this picture by taking my daughter in the day of his first company. That's the sun of the 17 and five percent.
He gave the quality that we went back to New York for a year later, so we decided to get the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third cost of my daughter said, my wife said to me, why don't you take it to the New York in a paradigm old, and the red continents?
This is when we started to ask them to ask us to ask us to get the picture.
It is amazing that the question of getting the camera to a whole set of discovery is so universe.
No one has been concerned and finally, no one has done with the camera.
So we don't have any aware of how much of us will change this journey.
It became something out of us.
This picture is about a few weeks after 17 and I had to explain my daughter that had happened that day that a child of five years was able to understand it.
These pictures are a lot more than representative time or a specific journey.
They are also a way to stop the time in a week of operation and making it to make sure about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only the physical level, but in all of the sense.
Because even though we always get the same picture, our daughter changes new houses, and I can see the life through your eyes and how it looks like.
That time in contact that we spend together is something that we expect with increases every year.
Remember, in one of the trips, we were going on, when it turns out when it turns out to be sentence, and it looks like a red tree of the military temperature that was a little bit of a little bit of the strangers that were going on.
And I discovered what I had felt about five years in that same place.
I realized that he was going to remember his heart head to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are university, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things that we created is the resources.
And so I want to share the idea of paying it up in the collective creation of the resources.
I don't know you -- but it's about these 15 photos -- I don't know in many of the familiar pictures of the famous picture.
I am always what the picture is.
So today I want to take you to all of them to go into the picture, and they don't have to go to someone and ask you, you know, we get a picture of it?
Thank you.
I wanted to talk about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species in the world.
And the forests are in the most low-cost group.
First of all, why do you have so bad pressure?
It has also been associated with Department resources like minds like men, terrorists, studies.
More recently, if you've been looking at the pressure of the recent record pressure, they are an artists and the artists that are associated with the God Parking Parkinson: but I don't want it.
You don't know. You know why.
Because the members of Parkinson don't keep the environment.  The particles are not going to help us predict the demand of disease.
And it's a lot of money.       And my favorite factory, the forests have better pressure --   there are two kinds of faces in this planet.
There are the freedom of the New world that you find up in the United States, like the cars and the cars and the countries of the World world, where we have 16 species -- of these 16 percent of them in a high risk of energy.
So why are the parties are important? In the first place, they will provide living political services -- Line.
They are our natural resources.
You can see the cars up to the ground.
They help us kill all of the bacteria -- they help to get the environment that will not be exploring and cause large loss of gas and disease in other animals.
Students have shown that in areas where there are no books, the cars take three to four times more time in constantly, and this has huge reasons in the definition of disease.
They also have a huge story.
They've been associated to the old Egyptian culture.
And I thought it was the situation of the program and the material -- and right now with the country, they looked at the universe between the Amazon and the Earth Electricity.
In the middle of the hour, Japan was the friends of the friends, and he took his life to save the data of the 10-year-old detector of 10 heads.
In the traditional culture -- they were going to be very important to the open sky -- in places like Titan, there is no place to go to the dead -- or work to create them, so these guys will provide a natural climate system.
What is the problem with the patterns?
We have eight species of books in Kenya, which six are in the end of extraordinary extraordinary.
The reason is that they're being inviting, and the reason they are being invented is because there are conflict between humans and failure. The private communities use this evidence against the depressions, and as a consequence, the forests are visitors of this.
In countries like India, in countries like India and Paris, four species of all of them are in the critical list of energy, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extraordinary -- and the reason is because they get the pressure of the control building that has been treated with an artificial drug like Dialogue.
This drug has been present for virtual use in India and have taken a police.
Because there is no parallels, there has been a proposition in the number of the path of cars in the cards of cars, and when you have a human dogs, you have a huge piece of time for robot. The number of carbon cases has been taken in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest electric particles in Africa, 37 activities are going to be out of the Turkey Turkey.
I'm not against the electric energy -- but we have to work with the governments because the electrical transitions do this to the backs. They cut them through half of them.
They are standard strategies.
In Western Africa -- there is a kind of kind of distance of diagnoses to be able to look at the arms and the market market.
So what are you doing is, well, we are research to these birds -- we are putting them transportation.
We're trying to stop their basic economy and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so it will focus on a local problem not going to look at all.
We have to work with the governments in the religious level.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about being able to be able to be able to be able to do these wonderful creatures and the services that are going on.
How can you help you? It can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to write your government and tell them we have to focus on these very creative creatures -- Dragon their time to detect the word -- Densitian the words.
When you go out of this room, you are going to focus on the bottles, but you talk to your families with your children, with your children on your neighbors.
They are very electricity. Charles David said that he changed it because I saw it without effort, without any energy of energy.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I did and everything that I do is, my life -- my life has been moving for seven years of work for me in Africa.
From 1999, I looked at 1999, but I'm not going to do it --  I was working in Katrin, Kenya, Congo from Mars, Archive and Service in projects of technology with African countries.
I was working for an individual NASA, and every project that we were born in Africa.
And I was prepared.
I thought, at the age of 21, that the individuals were good and we were doing a good job in Africa.
In place of that, everything we did is we transformed it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Women from the Marshall, was a project where a few individuals we decided to teach people from Kan to grow food.
So we came with sensitive services to the dream of Mars to this absolutely significant speed that goes up to the Richard River, and we teach the local to grow the international and colors and collaborations and and collaborations -- and they are going to be able to grow the local to the collaborations and the country and the country and the country and the country.
Of course, people were not at all.
However, instead of ask you how it was possible to be able to do nothing -- we just said, "Thank you to God that we're here --  "Let's go to time to save the people in the middle of the middle."
And of course, everything in Africa is a beautiful thing.
So we got these talented markets -- in India, a touch grew up this size in Katrin, to this size here.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the supplies, "Look what easy is a theme.
When the tons were black, markets and robots of the night to the morning -- about 200 humans left from the river and they took everything.  And we said to the subjects, God me, "The mountains?
And the characters said, "Yes, that's why we don't have a architecture here --  "Why don't they said, "You never asked it?
I thought that we only have the individuals in Africa, but then I saw what the Americans were doing in Africa -- what they were doing the English, what they were doing is, and after looking at what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Katrin.
Because as you see, at least we feed them to the hospitals.
You have to see the deserts.  You should see the deserts that we are going to give up the people in Africa.
I want to read a book -- I read "The Martin Mark, and I read Mars Martin.
And the book was published in 2009, in 2007,
And we countries, and we have come up with the African center two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the day that the money has changed.
Just read his book.
This part of an African woman -- the day we've done.
So the Western are interactive, and we are constantly constantly, and we treat people just two ways, or we were painful, or we are participations.
The two words come from the rate landscape -- which means "grandchild."
However, it means two different things.
Paul, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my children. I want a lot.
Paul, I treat all of a different culture as if they were my services.
So the white in Africa are called "Brand, hero.
That book gave me a boat in the face of the face.
This should be the first beginning of the help.
The first beginning of the help is to answer it.
This morning, the subject that I open this conference put up a based on the ground and said, can we imagine a city that isn't being not?
I decided at the age of 27 years only answer the people, and I invented a system called Facebook Compassion where you never ended up -- you have no monkey to nobody -- but it becomes a service of the local passion -- the service of the local people who have the dream to become a better person.
So what do you do? It goes down.
You get to a community with an idea, and you feel with the people in the local people.
We didn't work from the office.
We took up in a course. We got in a bar.
We have an infrastructure structure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we find out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is the country.
You can give you an idea to somebody else.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is going to do you?
The passion that she has for their own growth is the most important.
The passion that that man has for their own personal growth is the most important.
And then we helped them find knowledge because no one in the world can be successful only by it.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge -- but the knowledge is definitely.
So years and years ago, I had this idea. Why not us, for one time instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why don't we do that, for one time, we hear them, but not in a community revolutions.
I'll tell you a secret to tell you.
There is a problem with the community.
The entrepreneurs will never go up, and they will be going to say, in a public meeting -- what you want to do with your own money, what your opportunity have been able to do.
So the plan has this point.
The most smart people of their community, you don't even know them, because they don't go to their public resources.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face -- you have to create social infrastructure -- which doesn't exist.
You must create a new program.
Protein is the family of the family, the family of the company, which is the family of the business -- which is started with you in your house, at the table of your choice, and you can help you find the resources to transform your passion in a way to make your life.
I started this as a test in Explaining, city from the West America.
I was doing a doctor in that time, trying to get out of this common bank where we get to tell them what to do.
In a year, I had 25 projects in the roof, and the government came to me to see to say, "How can you do that?
How can you do that? And I said, "I did something very, very hard.
I went back and listen?   So the government says, "I'm going to be done --  we've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped you start 40 business.
There is a new generation of companies that are dying of solution.
Professor Democratic, one of the most large employees of the history of the story, I went back to 1970, a few years ago.
Paul Department was profitable before it was present in the business, and this is what he says President Department, "The plan is actually involved with a society and an economy of interactive company.
The plan is the weight of the death of the empathy of the empathy of the essence.
So now you are doing Christian without knowing what the most advanced people in China want to do with your own money and your own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people used to make you with you.
You have to offer consumers, private -- it has to be fantastic to help them, and then you will come back at the way.
In a community of 10 people, we get 200 cells.
Can you imagine a community of 400 people, intelligence and passion?
So what do you think of you more of this morning.
People are all able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to.
So what I tell you is that the energy spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution.
And the Internet control is not surprising.
And the face as a way of being able to make sure it's not surprising.
What we need to consider is how we come up, we control, we encouraged, we encouraged, we communicate seven billion people, in a surprising way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invented the technology for the green revolution? The universes? They call them.
The government? The government.
They will be the entrepreneurs and they are doing it now.
There is an amazing story that was in a future revolution ago, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to draw the future of New York in the 1970s.
And in the year 1970, you get this group of people, and you spend a little bit about what happens to the city of New York in 100 years, and the concept was successful, the city of New York is not there in 100 years.
Why? Because they addressed the course and saved it, if the population is being growing up to the population of New York to the areas -- they would take six million gentlemen, and the survival produced for six million gentlemen, would be impossible to address.
They were already brought up in scale.  So in 1998, they were giving up this technology that will show the life of New York.
So what happens in the next 40 years, in the United States in the United States -- the United States.
So the idea of finding a different technology was absolutely advanced and there were very few -- searching in parallel places.
Diagrams, Michael Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with the entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to offer it.
In the other way, they won't come into you.
And then you have to offer you a little bit of any and you have a little bit of a desire, which is seriously seriously.
And finally, you will have to tell me the truth with it.
The smaller company -- the biggest company -- the largest company has to be able to make three things -- the product that you want to sell to see has to be fantastic -- you have to tell with a fantastic company, and you have to tell with a very financial advantage of food.
You know what?
We've met a single human being in the world that I can do, sell and look at the money for it.
There is no exist.
This is still not born up.
We have research and looked at the 100 different companies of the World World, Washington, Europe, Europe, all of the new companies, Google Cambridge.
There is only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common -- only one, no one was sent by one person.
You have a word "The word "The word "The word "The word "The word "The word "The word "The word "The word "The word."
He wasn't just when I started it.
No one starts a company just a company.
So we can create the community where we have factors, who come from a little bit of small business sitting in cars -- and they are going to do that by you who are going to do for you, what someone did for this guy who would talk about this character who talked about this police, somebody who would ask you, what does you need to do about it, what
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, you can see it? Can you look at the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that?
We have community.
Thank you.
Those who are able to help us be able to help us make our lives.
We don't know all of the neighbors, so we don't understand a lot of knowledge to share the same public space.
In the last few years I've tried to share more with my neighbors in the public space, with simple tools like activities, plants and accounting.
These projects came out of questions like, how many of you pay my neighbors for their shoes?
How can we try and ask me more things without called the door in a bad moment.
How do you share more remember of our buildings and understand our particles?
How do we share more of our hope to the values for our communities that our communities can solve our needs and states?
I lived in New Organization, and I am limited from New Organization.
My star always found up with the giant robots that give it to the bits of the bottles, the states and the states from the 20th century and the contact in a city.
It always gives the music.  There is a device in New Organization.  The city has one of the most beautiful architecture in the world, but also one with the largest amount of programs in the United States.
I live close to this house and thought about how I could turn it into a more nice space for the barrier and also in something that changed my life to always be.
In 2009, I lost somebody who was looking at a lot.
It was John as a mother for me.
His death was responsible and interactive.
I thought a lot about death and death.
And this makes me a deep profound for the time and the living time.
He gave it to the significant things of my current life.
But I'm going to keep this look at my life in my life.
It seems to me that it's easy to leave the day to day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old and new friends brought up the wall of this house in a giant painting and I thought about it falling to compare, "What would I die I want to.
So the students could take a activity, to make sure about their lives and share people in the public space.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment but the next day the wall was recently and it was surprised by starting.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote in the wall.
"I want to be able to be a painful party.  Before I was going to do I want to sit in the line in the line of the change.
"I want to die for millions of people.
"I want to be able to play a robot.
"I want to live out of the network."
"I want to be able to put it over again.
"I want to go to the rest of somebody else.
"I want to be able to be completely myself.
So this specific space is a conversation and the dreams and the species of people who were made to me to go back to the cards, and I was given to me, and they gave me it into hard moments to me.
It's about knowing that one is not just to understand our neighbors in new and clinical ways -- it's about giving it down to the report and the conservation, and to remember what the most important thing for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of people who wanted to make a death in their community.
That's why with my colleagues from the clinical center we did a child and now have been done in countries around the world, like Karah, South Africa, Africa, Archives and beyond there.
And together we showed the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share minds.
Two of the most dangerous things we have is the time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distribution in activity, it's more important than never -- to find the ways to turn the perspective and remember that life is brilliant and development.
The death is something that we often need to talk about, or even think, but I understand that we will pay for death is one of those things that tell us more power.
Think of the climate death our life.
Our shared spaces can make us better what we care about as individuals and as a community and more media and more media to share hope -- fear and stories, people who face us not only can help improve place, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Now I have a single penguin.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal to me.
Now I would like to introduce you to my hands.
It was 24 years old, it's high and very global.
I don't talk about, but it turns out better than some of the best transportations.
I remember what the love.
And it will share it with what happened.
It's not a little bit -- I don't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about the religious differences and you look at this, it has never mind.
When you go out of our infection, trying to be able to put words that I would not even read -- I remember one thing -- the little thing that we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that it should be discovered.
Saland has 16 years old. It's a very nice thing.
It gets the most more memory memory of it.
However, it is a secret memory for me.
I don't remember if I was my character, but I remember the year that I came out every single year that I came out every single one of my iPhone, conversation that we took when I was four years old, to make it in my arm for the first experiment of the Texas and the computer of Latin Gates.
Do you not look like?
But most people are not about it.
And in fact, because their minds are not accepted to the concept of the society of society, they often are wonderful and interactive.
But what I put up to my heart and I discovered my head was that even if that was the case, even though they would not consider them inside the ordinary, that could only mean one thing -- which were extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the antibiotics and the "figure of the "sound, it's a brain transition that affect social communication -- learning and sometimes to the physical construction.
In every individual in each individual is distributed in a different way that I read to be so different from Santa.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, and every 20 minutes, a new case of authority, and even though it's one of the development in the developing world, there is no cause in the world, there is no cause of known to know.
I don't care about my first find with the audience, but I don't remember one day without it.
I had only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new being in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
It was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me.
I was living in his own world, with their own rules -- and I found to plan in the smaller things -- like putting the cars in front of the room around the room, look at the ball and eat anything that would have between media before.
As I grew up, it becomes more different, and the differences were getting more evolutionary.
But beyond the breakthroughs, the frustration and the interactive hospital, there was something really unique -- a common nature and interactive, a child who saw the world without private, a human being that had never mind.
Excellent.
I can't notice that there have been a few difficult moments in my family, moment in which I would have realized that they were right like me.
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuals -- the communication and the love, and I realize that they are things that I didn't want to change by nature.
The nature goes through the beauty that give us the differences and the fact that it will be different doesn't mean that someone is wrong.
It only means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could take a single thing to Reed and San and you, it would be you don't have to be normal to.
You can be extraordinary.
Because artists or not, the differences that we have, are a day." Every one of us has a day in his environment, and unfortunately, the search of the normal is the last survival of the potential in the position.
The opportunity for the great, the program and the change died in the moment that we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal to me.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experience a little bit what it must have been to be Alice in the United States.
Pennsylvania Pennsylvania asked me to me, a college program, which gave a kind of communication to students of engineering students to me.
I was a surgery.  And I was a real truth.
But when you develop those conversations -- I felt what Alex must have felt when you go through the hole of the context and saw the door of a new world.
So I felt like I had those conversation with the students -- I was surprised the ideas that they have, and I wanted other people to express this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open up that door is a great community.
We need a great communication of our scientists and engineers to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are taking our biggest challenges from the environment and care of the health -- and if we don't know we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interaction people.
But these big conditions can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers -- by the way, you get them with simple signals.
I want to share some of the things about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sex and your engineering is active.
The first question to answer them, and then what?
Let me tell you why science is related to us.
We don't tell us just that they study the transportations, but they study the transportations, which are the strange structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the subjects.
And when you're describe your science, you care with the garden.
The game is a supply for our understanding of their ideas.
So, you can say, "Stability and technology, but why don't you say space and time, which is much more access to us?
You can do it it is not the same thing to make it too.
At the end, as Everything said Everything, that everything is as simple as possible.
You can communicate your science without understanding the ideas.
So something to consider is to use example, stories and antibiotics. They are ways to stay and engaged with their content.
And when you think about your work, forget from the single single subjects.
You have asked why you call balls."  What do you do the banks?
A film like this is not only a blood, but it gets too much in the area of the language of our brain.
In change in change -- this film of General Green is a lot more effective -- shows that the special structure of the transportations is so strong that really inspired the only design of the Martin Texas.
The third thing here is to use a simple factory, region, that the public can understand if you lose a little bit -- and then you can go up with groups that go to our other sense, and they believe a more profound sense of understanding what it was described for.
I think these are just a few key challenges that can help the door and look at the country and look at the country that is science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers -- when you have to solve this electron, all the middle of all the media -- you have a simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from the entire University of English.
Just because it sounds very well.
And "So "Stop personalized policy.
Even though there was a specific experiment of the 20th century, that the definition of the 20th century, which he said, "A "The subject is that I looked for a public car without matter particular, and that is, when you go up, you get it through the number of a record recording monkey.
I have no idea what it means is "reality?
So something that will do with the words, I think.
It's very important that the words are the basis in politics -- and that all of the politics know that they have to try to do the language.
It wasn't yet, for example, 1997.
And all of this was because of the value of a guy with the name of Brazil Cambridge, who was in the Park.
He got up in the Turkey of London and they were going to get it up, but he had the enough way to deal with them, and at the end of it had such a popular support in London that he did.
And just a few years later, we had the first use of the fraction of the front "The background and the military like this.
Most of them think that it is literally.
It's not it. It's because of a definition of the experience.
But to show you really how the words and the political politics -- I want you to go back to the United States, right after the institution.
So, they had to open the question of how to call George Wall, his leader life.
They didn't know.
How do you call the read of a recording country, recorded.
And this is been done in the Congo for a long time.
They took all kinds of surfaces that could have been able to be able to be able to be.
Some of them wanted to call it "The State State State, and others -- "The Antarctica George War, and other Democrats of the United States of the U.S. World.
It's not very analyzed.
Some of them just wanted to call it "The "Bank."
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And not even with it, they were motivation, they had the idea that you could be able to be able to be able to be changed by a desire destruction.
And it could be seriously.
The whole world gets completely interesting, because this debate is provided for three weeks.
And the day of a breakthrough poor -- and I always wrote -- still with this temperature."
What you cause the rock and the until that was that the University of Reserves was on the Service.
The Cambridge Cameron didn't want to.
They didn't want to call it Richard for if I was going to give him to him or his own ideas.
So they wanted to give the most modern temperature, more installation and more likely to be happened.
And that guy was President?
President.
It was like the president of a prison.
And I didn't have much bigger than the term or survival or survival.
There were evidence of small controlled continents and government, but it was really a increase television.
And that is why the sound goes out.
They said, "It's rich, we can't call President.
This guy has to be able to be able to go up and get up with the extraordinary distances."
And who would take it in serious with a little bit as rich and invention as President of America?
And finally, after three weeks later, the Server didn't know.
We can learn three interesting things from all of this.
First of all, and this is my favorite until where I've been able to figure out, the Server has never been represented by the test of President.
The President Barry Brown has been able to follow there, waiting for the Service to be able to go into the action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a model is terrible.  You can be possible that we are going to wait 24 years old.
But the third thing that we can learn -- and this is the most important -- and this is the most important -- and I want to leave you -- is that the United States of the United States is not so modern in the day, right?
In all if you have more than a thousand nuclear heads to destroy, the largest economy of the world and a piece of village states and so on.
And the reality and the story has given to the size of the great one.
So at the end of the way you get the Service.
They got his resource test.
And also the other concept of the Service, the supermarket application, well, it was a single single one.
But you know how many numbers have now present?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 500 nuclear heads, and so on.
So at the end of the Sea game and the camera of Reserves lost -- because no one is going to feel humanity when they tell them that it's now the United States.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn -- and I would like to leave you.
The politics are trying to choose and use the words to make a way and control the reality -- but actually, it actually makes a lot more the words that the words might change the reality.
Thank you very much.
I am 40 to meters under the land in a military mineral minute.
The air is kind of calculating and police and it is hard to solve it.
I feel the record of statistics in the dark -- but I can't see a lot more.
I hear you can talk about, but about all of that color market and participants with private tools.
So as the others, I take a little bit of light light of the substance with this international electricity, and I can just be able to give you the robots that are going on the wall of that hole of a theory that takes hundreds of meters in the Earth.
And I went up with my hand and suddenly I remember a man who met days before, and he lost the control.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that woman running their lives without pay and recognized, and often die.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they might never do it, because they are pressure of school.
In the last 24 years I was doing natural culture in more than 60 countries in six countries, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only stage in the Containing of the Park Park.
And between all the incredible people I met there I met a pressure of "The State State, an NGO that is going to make modern scale.
So we started talking about the school and really, I started learning about school because I knew that there was in the world, but not to the biggest.
When we end out to talk to me a very bad thing, I was trying to imagine this act of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know.
It made me a neighborhood and weeks later, I went back to the Angeles to meet the Department of the State There and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern school.
In fact, I had been in many of these systems.
At some of them -- even my second home.
But this time, it will be able to be substantially substantially.
And a conservative cell says that there are more than 25 million people in the world.
It is the document of the number of African Africa during all of the transformation of the traditional school.
150 years ago, the cost of a terrible school was about three times the side of a United States.
The equivalent to about 50 percent.
However, today you can put it into the entire families for the development of the 1990s of 1960s in the 1990s
Surprisingly, the school generate more than 12 billion dollars a year around the world.
A lot of people have been stranged with very good education, and better work for then to find out that they are used to work without pain, under violence and they can't afford them.
Now the supermarket is going to be able to be open in the communication, and the good people are going to have value -- but those who produce them are destroyed.
The school exists in almost all the world, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India, and Nething, I met the hours of the backs.
This strange specific and farmers was like to go to the ancient Earth or the American American.
In a term of 42 percent, men, women, women, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in a section of police statement in the head of their head.
They discovered by the mountain and the concept work on the sea, doing this task over and over 18 or 18 hours a day.
There were no paintings to eat it, not to go up, and the sex depression was doing it was quite interesting.
So they were the catalyst and the police that my camera became too close to the road and stop working to work.
And every 20 minutes I had to run the car to feed the team and make it work to be able to do it -- and sitting there, I thought, my camera got a much better treatment than these people.
And I went back in the hours I wanted to call it but the advance that I was going to my side, and he said, "Look, don't do it. Don't do it here.
And I was going to explain very clearly that we're going to show emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not only for me.
I couldn't offer any direct help.
I couldn't give you money.
I was not a city of that country.
I could put it on a worse situation that they were already done.
I had to trust the State There and work inside the system for their line and trust that they get it.
In the point of me, I hope to get home to feel my heart heart.
In the History, I found children who are going to be able to be able to be able to move through a lot of monkeys that were going to wait down to the bottom.
Those big plants were more likely than the children who are carried and the kids would hold them to their head with careers with cars and charges and horses.
It's hard to test something so architecture.
How can we invest in something so individual, but so surprised?
Some of you don't even know that they are scanners -- and they work 18 to 18 hours a day, because this has been this whole life.
They have nothing with what to share it.
And when these artists were able to be able to remove their liberty, the scales used to make their house.
At the heart of the word we often think about sexual traditional and because of this global consciousness I was asked to be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kenya, I was made by women who had been present sexual seats.
And I was sent by some of the artists that they were going to give up to this state station, and we have a local light.
It wasn't exactly a block.
It was more good.
Research, as you know in the office -- they are local for the fundamental program.
They have small ships, private, where the schools are with their kids and children -- some of it just seven years old, they are forced to train the cells and they are going to be able to buy more food.
Every piece is dark and statistically, identified by a number in the wall and distributed by a billion and a curve.
And the workers often have a sexual approach to hands of their cells.
And in the piece, I remember there will be an antibiotic stage and at that time, I could be able to imagine what it must be to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
I only had a situation, the stars where it comes in.
There was no traditions there.
There were not enough enough.
Those people don't have a station, and because we take a very difficult issue -- it's important to make sure that the school, even the sexual traffic is going around our around.
There are hundreds of people who are specifically specifically self-assembly in the architecture, in research service and the list can come on.
Remember, the New York Times that between 100 and 300 American children are sold every year as a sexual schools.
It goes out on it, but we don't see it.
The texts are another activity that we often do with the way that we need to be related to the healthy hand.
I saw Indian village in which there were family families in the community of the state.
This is a family.
The black hands of black are the father of the father and the robots of its children.
Microscope the strangers in these big banks and they use the state in the liquid to the cars, but the state is terrible.
My research told me their stories.
We don't have a little book?
We still hope -- yet you can go out of this house some day and go to another place where you really ask us our job.
It turns out that there are more than 4,000 children in the Verenda London, the largest artificial land in the world.
When we come back, I went to take a quick thing.
I saw what it seemed like to be a family family in a boat -- two older kids -- some more young children -- has it feel right?
Russia. They were all scale.
The kids are sitting out of their transportation families -- developed and they were going to work together to work in these bacteria in the legacy, despite not to be able to be able to go in.
This child has eight years old.
When our boat came up with it was surprised, it is that his little box was emotionally.
I was paralyzed by the fear of the water.
The radio records of the real trees in the Verenda Vermal often accepted networks and children, failures and fear and front of the water.
A lot of people get away.
Since I remember, it always has been forced to work on the law.
On the fear of his love is not going to go up, and like the whole life has been treated with creation, it is actually about the most young people under their monkey.
I met these guys at the age of five in the morning -- when they were going to get the last networks -- but they had been working from the one of the one.
It was in the front and the seat.
And it knows that these networks spend more than 400 miles when they're represented by fish of them.
I want to introduce you to Kanzi.
Kenya was written in a film of films.
I met it in a record where I was the Star School screen of the school.
Kenya shell is possible.
Who will come to be because someone decided to make the difference in your life?
So I grew up by a career in Google with the States of Stanford States, a common community with their real mouse and supply our car and he took the sea.
We asked us to take it out of a land of land to the sea.
At the end of the way, we invited us to go out of the car -- and I asked him to go up to the continent that was going on.
And then I used to go up with this point and he said, "This is the way -- this is the way -- this is the way.
As we began to go down, we were going to go back to the path and after walking close to a time we found that the way was analyzed by the recent records, so I put the team of pictures about my head as we go back in these water to the school.
After two hours of walk -- the next thing ended up in a Of course, and we had a lot of holes that I could be able to get in a flower field -- and all of them were full of substantial work.
A lot of women had children who had children who were attacked to their spinal speeds, and while they were looking at surgery, they walk on the water with memory.
The memory is used in the experimental process.
These guys are standing in a piece in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the patient they were started in their own subject.
I remember that I looked at his eyes that I looked at his eyes based, because many of them had been under land for seven hours.
The patterns have to 90 meters and these people who are able to be able to be brought to another area in which they will make the role to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
First of all, the system seems to be full men and virtual men -- but if we look at more close to the market, we see to work to some of them less fundamental and also children.
All of these are virus violences, disease and violence.
In fact, it is very likely to be very likely that this molecule ended up like this violence of the terrorists and the meeting of the method in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When he died his father he took him to work with him in the minutes.
When you die your you, Mars did the definition of the way that it force it to be scanned in the minutes.
When I met it -- I had worked in the mines at the age of 14 years and the language of the legs that you see here is a product in the room, so big that the doctors said that it should be a pain.
In addition to that, Mars has terrorism and not even to that, it's forced to work at night and day in that room.
And yet, he used to be limited and education with local activities like "The Sunday State -- and this is this kind of definition -- to the face of a recent possibility -- what I was inspired by a lot of it.
I want to take light on the school.
They knew their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we're going to be able to give them out of them and we will do everything to help change their lives.
I certainly believe that if we can see some of them as human beings as human beings -- then it makes them very hard to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
These images are not about records. They are from people, the real people, like you and I like me, that you get the same rights and you get up in your lives.
There is not one day that happened that I don't think of these beautiful people, which I've had the great honor of know.
I hope that these images would take a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that the force is going to get a fire and that that was a light light on the school because without that light, the rest of the speed can be able to live in the surfaces.
Thank you very much.
And I do a little bit of application and there is a particular problem for those of you who do it -- we are kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of like the general continents.
No one knows what we're going to do.
So today I try to try to tell you what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activity.
We give us the virus of the ball and the cartoons of climate -- that we will see more than it.
But the ball demands an extraordinary beautiful, a high level.
Unfortunately, the neurons like the bad of Parkinson discovered this extraordinary ability, as I do it with my friend Jack Stanford that, in his time, was a virus baseball base.
In the last few years, it has been made a lot in the treatment of it.
However, there are six million people in the world who are disease and they have to deal with a strange destruction, terrible, recording and other systems of this disease, so we need objects to detect the disease before it is too late before.
We need to be able to measure the progress in the objective way, and the only way we know if there is really a culture to be when we have an open market and cheap.
But it's found that for the Parkinson and other behind the movement of the movement there are no biological markets -- so they don't look at the blood and the best thing that we have is a neuron of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinical to do it. It's very, very expensive -- and that means that, outside the clinical trials -- they never do. It's never done.
And what if the patients could do it at home.
That would save a hard journey to the climate -- what if the patients could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do the experiences.
You wouldn't need personal people.
By the way, it costs about 300 percent in the national cell.
So what I want to introduce you as a way that I don't have to do to try and try to do that, in a sense, in a sense, all of us at least in my friend Japanese Stanford.
So this is a video of the visual characteristics of the volunteers of the volunteers of the volunteers of the volunteers of the volunteers of the volunteers of the volunteers of the volunteers of the volunteers of the volunteers of the volunteers of the volunteers of the volunteers of the volunteers of the volunteers of the volunteers of the volunteers of the volunteers of the volunteers of the volunteers of
It shows someone based on the seat as I was going to talk about, and we can imagine as a ball of a vaccine bank because we have to be able to get all of those red organs to produce sound and we all have the genes need -- the Ford, for example.
And as the ball, it requires an extraordinary level of extraordinary behavior.
We think about the time that led to a child learning how to talk about.
And from the sound of the sound -- we can bring the position of the volunteers as you can see, and like the Parkinson applied to the energy, it will also affect the local relationships.
In the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of the value of the local careers.
We see the same situations.
It will be a value of virtual, driver and region.
The device becomes more transportation and supported after a while, and this is an example of the systems.
How do you share these elements based on the voice with the clinical careers, well, both of them are not invisible.
And the national theory is not invisible. They use the existing infrastructure in the extension.
It doesn't need to design a whole series of hospital to do it.
They are both presentations. Well, but also the elements based on voice are not specifically.
I mean, you can be advanced.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They are a common cost and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost that was so low -- it looks like a massive scale.
So these are some incredible genes that are ready to get up.
We can reduce the distribution of patients.
I would not be able to go to the climate for the record character.
We could be able to be able to get open data.
We could be able to make a whole range of cost for clinical trials and for the first time, for the first time.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biologists of the disease before it is too late before.
So when you give the first steps in that sense, we're taking the World Verenda Pole.
And now at Alan and Palestinian, we want to take a lot of voices all over the world to make enough data and start to get up to make these objects.
We have local lines for about 75 million people in the world.
And yet, with or without Paris, you can call it in the price and let me go down for a few cents -- and I can be able to tell you that we have already taken the six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.
What will you get out of these shows?
Martin Line, yes, yeah. What happens is that during the called you have to be able to be able to be able to be or not the disease.
MR: You see, some people can not go to it. You may not get it.
But we're going to get a very large show of data in different circuits, and do it in different creatures is important because we're looking at the film of the control forests of the real mathematics of the disease.
MR: Do you have a 75 percent program in this moment.
MR: A lot more than that.
In fact, my student Stanford, I have to do that, has made a fantastic work and now has shown that it works in the network of mobile television also, which is what the project. Now we have about 99 percent.
DR: Look and again. Well, it's a better.
MR: Of course.
DR: Thank you very much.
MR: Thank you, Twitter.
Before 2011, I made pictures in the city of New York.
We are particularly private creatures.
We get in the dark -- in curves without sex -- and by the way, we get the solar light.
We do the key models even more discovery, the perfect skin still more demanding, and the perfect skin still we do it -- and they are going to grow up in the press all the time, but some of us are really architecture with a lot of years of experience and a real question for the images and the picture.
The 11 percent of the 2000 of 2011, I saw from my house as the rest of the world, the terms of the world that will happen in Japan.
A little time later, an organization where I was volunteer, there was Vietnam Vietnam -- was in the place working as part of the team of answer.
Now, together with hundreds of other values we knew that we couldn't be able to be used in home, so I decided to go to the group for three weeks.
The 16 percent of older travel to Organization.
This is a small village of statement in the President of almost 50 people, and one of the first people affected by the room.
The high level of water has been able to get more than 25 feet and more than three miles away.
As you can imagine, the village was destroyed.
We went out of the cars and the shoes.
We live schools -- we went up with the line and we leave the houses to be related and resources.
We were looking at the forest and the flower fishermen, and the point of local factory.
We teach us and love us.
For weeks as well as the victims like the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of pictures and cars and cars and cards.
They all did the same thing.
You can take them into and take them to different places of around them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represent a huge part of the people that that people had been surprised.
As you go out of the line, and to save their lives, they had to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
At the end of my first week I started helping up in a center of the people.
It helps to clean the based batteries the environments, which is graduate backs.
So this place turned out to be also the place of the village where the center of the evolution came up with the picture.
And there they had the honor and I had the hospital that that day would be able to be able to be able to feed your hands to your hand.
This was exciting and interactive, I had heard the experience to think beyond the hospitals, but it was not until I was going to bring myself up with me that something happened.
When you look at the pictures -- I found some of them that had more than a hundred years of a few years of the lab -- I could not be able to think about how it will be able to bring up that record and remember that race and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night comes into Facebook told with some of them, and at the next morning the answer was so architecture and positive that I knew we had to try it.
So we started to reduce the pictures of it.
This was the first of all.
I was not too structural, but where the water had developed the face.
In the other way, that girl would not have the kind of it, and that would be as sad as having the strategic picture.
With the time of the time, they came up with more pictures and they need more resources and they need more records so that I went back in Facebook and Linux and five days later at 80 countries of 12 countries came up to help.
At the end of two weeks I had 150 people trying to join them.
In Japan in Japan, we moved to Republic, a village to the North Bank.
Once we were used to use our school in the terrible photographers that had been invented, where people were going to be able to break their pictures out.
The time they were going to be able to protect them is a different story, which is a different story, of course of the professor of the picture.
I could imagine an hour -- I could imagine week.
I could imagine months.
This floor had to draw it down to your hand by using how the areas of the areas and the water and the water was not destroyed.
I took a lot of time.
The water shows all these pictures that are surrounded in water water, collaborations of bacteria, with all of the states, and all of them together with the time with the time of the time, and so they would take them to hand it was a important part of the project.
We couldn't reduce the picture at least that it was clean, and it would have been recorded by her door.
We had a dream with your hand.
We told the galaxy of a management neighbor.
It's very easy to give it even more than the pictures already dance.
As I said once I said, the leaders of my group is like making a state.
You can't be able to be able to be controlled.
The woman who brought us these pictures out there in relationship to the picture.
I had started to get them out of it, but it gets down to realize that the days even more.
I also had distributions.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not be able to remember, we were able to solve the images in one picture and reduce the whole picture.
When you remember your pictures share something about your story with us.
A few colleagues of their husband found the pictures in a set of books between the very far side of where it used to be his house, but their colleagues would get it.
And the day of the temperature, his husband was the ability to cut the barriers to the room.
It had to go inside of the water as the sites are.
Their little children -- not so small now, but their two children were in the school, in different cells.
One of them was going on the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that they all had come on.
And the day I got his pictures to his son at the age of 14 years old.
For it, despite all of this, those pictures were the best rule that I could do -- something that he could go back to look at -- something that I could remember from the past that I had not been made by that day of sea when everything in his life changed or it was destroyed.
After six months in Japan.
More than 500 volunteers all over the world helped us go back to 90 hundreds of pictures that are very responsible and records.
For this time, we really don't spend more than a hundred in team and materials -- most of them in the picture of printing.
So we take pictures on it.
A picture is a picture of someone or something, a place, a relationship -- somebody wanted to.
They are graduate from our resources and stories -- the last thing that we would take but the first thing we would go to look for.
And this was the project -- and I was going to solve small pieces of humanity to go back to somebody their connection with the past.
When a picture like this is going back to somebody -- it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who got it.
This project also makes a big difference in the life of the records.
A few of them connected to something bigger with something bigger to get something bigger to something that is not going to be model of perfect skin.
To end up to read this electricity. I sent it up the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I was recently, I couldn't be able to think about the people and the stories showed in the images.
One picture with a picture of different people from the grandmother to the girl to the small girl -- they recognized around a baby -- I met it -- because a similar picture of my family -- my mother, my mother, and my daughter was born -- it comes from our wall.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same basically, right?
Thank you.
So I took Egyptians inspired to us and common with this picture of a battle that takes a star in an explanation of just a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can get a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a half billion dollars per second.
I put them a new kind of photograph -- the photography, a new techniques so fast that it can create video videos of light in movement.
And with that we can create cars that you can see after the rooms, beyond the violence line -- or see the inside of the body without using it without using 2000, and they really challenge the idea.
If you take a little bit of you to read and put it up in a million or a half of the second or it is, in several ways, you can create a piece of pictures of just a million boxes.
And that piece of pictures -- that bank, to travel to the speed of light and again, a million times faster than a common battle than a common battle than a common battle than a common battle than a common battle of it.
If we take that battle and this piece of pictures and we were going to be able to do this back, how are those pictures within this bottle?
So what is the kind of light in carbon car?
Now, all of this --   remember that all of this happens especially in less than a nation is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times higher so that you can see the light in movement.
College does not take this research --  They come up with a lot of things in this film.
The police, our battery, and it comes into the ball with a piece of pictures that start to turn it up, and it starts to get up.
And part of the light is forgotten, it goes to the table, and we started looking at these discoveries.
A lot of the pictures finally get to the size and then they explore in various direction.
As you can see, there is a piece of air that robot in the environment.
At that time, the waves travel through the table and because of the records of the top you see in the bottom of the ball, after several corners, that the resources are going on.
Now, if we take a common bank and common and we make the same distance and we see the same distance and we see it in camera to about 10 billion times, how many of us think that we would make us feel to see that film?
One day, a week."
It would be a very nice film --  -- from a ball back in movement.
And what is that going to be able to do with dead nature.
You can see the waves that are going to be able to be able to take out of the table.
It's kind of how to take a piece in a state.
This is the way the nature is a picture -- I thought, from a failure at the time, but of course, our eyes see an amazing conversation.
But if you look at one more time, you will realize that, as the light is able to be able to go out of the task, it will be bad. It does not go up.
Why? Because the task is market and the light light in his environment, and it comes out and go out of several trillion dollars.
In the future, when this film is in their mobile phones -- they're going to be able to go to the surface and will be able to be able to be marketed without having to do it.
Why do we create this camera in MRI.
As a photographs, you know, if we take a picture at the end, it gets very few light.
But we are going to get a billion times faster than the most short experiment, so you just get a little bit of light.
We made that battle -- that pattern of pictures -- and we took over and over and over again with a very high survey, we take those data of data and we are going to be able to create these pictures that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in critical and protect them in an interesting way.
Support can fly out.
Other guys can become interactive.
And if a new power of a future would be allowed to look at the risks?
The idea is that we could take a little bit of light on the door -- Republic, to go into the room, a part is going to do it in the door and from there to the camera there.
And where we could be able to explore those massive robots of light.
It's not science science -- we've built it.
On the left, it's our failure.
And behind the wall there is a magic and we will take the light in the door in the door here.
And after the public of our article in National Carolina.
And a small factory of the pictures will go back to the camera -- but obviously in different time.
And as we have a camera that works like that, our failure, it has only a single career.
It has very good technology, and it can look at the world to the speed of light.
So we know the difference to the door and also to the opposite objects but we don't know what it turns out how much of it discovered.
By the way that we can be able to take a picture of a picture -- which you see in the screen -- it really doesn't have any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, and we are going to take them out and try to look at the massive robots of light, and with that, we can see the operating object.
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our recognition.
We have things to explore before the lab -- but in the future, we could create cars that are going to be able to come back with what's going to go back to the coral.
Or we could be able to be able to look at dangerous conditions looking at the light.
Or we could build the ability to see the inside of the body by looking at the body sea, and the same thing for the cars.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood this is quite difficult -- so this is actually a question to the scientists so that they start thinking about the photograph as a new movement of violence to solve the problems of the health of the next generation of the next generation.
So as I took Electricians, he was a scientist -- he turned the science in art -- an art of the protection photographer.
I realized that every single data of data that we remember is not just for scientific violences, but we can.
It will create a new form of computer photograph with camera and collaboration of color colleagues.
And we look at those waves -- remember the time between each of those waves is just a few trillion dollars.
But here is also something fun.
If we look at the waves under the room, these are getting away from us.
The waves should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out that as we are broken almost to the speed of light of light -- we have extraordinary effects -- to Einstein would have been looking at this picture.
The order in which the events are going on in the world to sometimes be invented by the camera.
And then applied to the depression of space and time, we can run this away.
It's time. Thank you.
Hello. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a cell can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to focus on Service.
With a cell you can take a message and send a program in Eleanor.
With a cell you can be able to put it up to South Scottare and make a famous one.
All of this is possible with a model.
I am a 1990s and live in the city of Bronx.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were going to look for a change.
This is the 1990s -- imagine if all of these people who are supposed to pay for a change, they had a value in the back.
Who are you going to have a value here?
Look at them.
They read their mobile molecules, read them.
Let me read you. One Bang, a Banglade, graduate.
It's a lot of -- almost all of us today have a value today.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my cell and how I changed life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
You give them in a brother.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2009, the University of the United States -- I thought a diagram.
This is the Department of data.
This distance says that every single phone company, every pressure of the Internet.
Who called who I was going to have to go to who is going to come up with an email to who is going to come up with a metaphor.
Who sent him a text to who I was telling you.
And if we use the value -- where we are.
All of this information goes down at least six months, and to two years old, in his phone company or his presentation of the Internet.
And in all of the people in Europe, and he said, "We don't want this?
They said they didn't want this data.
We want to do the advance in the digital -- and we don't want the phone and the Internet to get all this information about us.
There were all of them and parallel, states, everybody said, "We don't want this?
And here you can see a couple of people who came out to the streets of Brazil and said, "Look, not land."
And some of them even said that this would be the United States.
The State was the secret police of the Internet.
And I also asked me if this works.
Can you take all this information about us?
Every time I use the model?
So I asked my phone -- Delicopath Telescope, which was the largest phone company in George, which please would tell me all the information they had about me.
I asked them one time, and I got them to ask them, and I didn't have a common answer -- it was all the balloon, it was all balloon.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're putting my life.
And so I decided to send up a hunting democracy because I wanted to have this information.
But Department Turkey said no, we won't give you this information.
And at the end of the end, we take a car.
I read the demand and they would send me the information that I did.
And as the U.S. Congress Congo flowers the intelligence for the record of the U.K.
So I got this dream on the horse with a CO2 inside of a CD.
And in the CO2 there was this.
And I brought up and five thousand people through information.
At the beginning I saw it and I said, well, it's a huge arm. Okay.
But after a time I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this arm.
It was a little bit survival, what should you do with that?
Because you can see where I are, where I'm going on the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information.
I want to do it.
Because I want to show people what the data.
So right now to Chinese War and Obama Cambridge, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can be able to go back, and you can go back and go down and go down.
You can see every step that I do.
And you can see how I go from Francisco in terms of Congress, and with what I call it in the Internet.
All of this is possible with this information.
That gives a little bit of fear of it.
But it's not just about me.
But from all of us.
First of all, there are things like, I call my wife and she called me a couple of times.
And then they call me some friends and they call them between them.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we end up with this great network of communication together.
You can see how your people are communicate to each other to what time they call each other, what time you give up.
You can see all of this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what's doing the society.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and India.
This is a model to study the form of your society, because you know who you talk to who you talk to you, who gives him a metaphor to who all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is common at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said to the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets in Bronx, in the 1990s in the 1970s, they had a value in the back.
And the guy would have heard who in this project, and, if the State had heard who were the leaders -- this would never have happened.
The Earth of Britain may never have happened.
And at the time, I didn't have the Congo Carolina.
Because today in the state of the state and the companies want to get as much information of us as possible in and out of the website of it.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to put them up for it.
But the audience and living in the digital was not a consumer.
But today you have to fight through the advance.
You have to fight for that a day.
When they go home to tell her friends that private is a value of the 20th century and it's not going on.
When you go home, you give them to your responsibility that just because the companies and the solar adults can be able to be able to be able to do some information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information information of you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile models that you have to remember that you have to fight in the adventure in the digital way.
Thank you.
High TED, what happened?
It's not enough.
High TED, what happened?
I call me Mars Mars and I'm not a hot, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I went back to my mom six times in six different differences -- taking the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have a brain, so it takes all the time.
Look at it.
It's a little bit like a military microscope.
Man All right.
The Pakistan.
It is not control or it can't be able to control.
No one was going to get the third of my mother and not the contract because my parents were familiar -- although they are.
It only happens by actions, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I'm going to give you, I am not about interaction. And I don't want any of the point.
It feels wrong for me, because at some point of life, you've been trying to be discovered.
Let's go out of it.
So San Sanda, they are in the common center -- they get up in the common context, and what do you see it?
16 different places for distributions.
And you think, God, I can be at least a little bit of distributed."
And also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the Pakistan.
So there is a chance of the option -- I would take the heart metal.
I'm a paradigm, Muslim, woman and lived in New Jerry.
If you don't feel better -- maybe you should do it.
I'm from Parkinson Charles, in New Jerry.
I always love my husband and my disease.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York City.
A lot of people with brains are not walking up, but my parents don't believe in the cannot be can?
The man of my father was, "You can do it -- you can get them down.
And if my three largest sister books, I was clean.
If my three older sister went to the public school -- my parents went to the school system, and they would make sure that I also was, and if we didn't go out all of the months we all got the shoe of my mother.
My father taught me to walk to the five years playing my legs in their feet and just walking up.
Another temperature that I used was to put a dollar in front of me to make it.
The structure that I read inside was very strong and so on.
Yeah.
When I grew up, there were only six weeks in my city and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 areas, and they are still all the family --  I think nobody realized that we don't have any individuals.
This was before the 1970s, and that the politics would think about the "Pole to use "Machines, as a campaign show.
The people I grew up had no problems with my face.
It does not seem to get a lot that would be able to be able to die in the roof.
I told you that I had enough groups to live three months without eat -- so I'm going to go out of the acceptable in order to be very easy.
Bareness in Brown.
Yes, in Brazil. It's little --  My parents couldn't pay the physical temperature -- so I was taken to the dancer school.
I learned how to go up with states, or it is that I can walk with cars.
I am from New Jerry, and there we want to be a child, so if my friends were used enough -- I too.
And when my friends were going to go up to the summer volumes in the cost of Jerry, I didn't know.
I spent my summer in a war of war, because my parents are afraid that if we don't go back to Palestinian all the virus, we become Mars.
In the seats of summer to my father tried to save my father -- so I was going to put it up in the spider, and they put me up on the Mars Mars, and I remember that the water. And I remember that the water would put me the eyes and I thought, "It works work?
But the military culture was the pollution.
I have to say it's very honest, but before you do it was a statement of student that I could not be able to be able to stop family.
And now I can keep in the head.
My parents were able to do this idea that I could do anything -- that no dream was impossible -- and my dream was to be in the Hollywood hospital.
I went to the University of the positive distribution and I got a ball for the United States -- University of the state of America, because I went into all of them.
It was kind of like the market leadership of the tradition.
They all love me.
And I made all the sense of the less smart theories, and I got the next thing in my class -- and also in their cells.
Every time I was doing a school of the course of my teachers called my teachers called them.
But I never got a paper.
Finally, in my last year, the TED decided to make a work called Bangladesh Bartone in Japanese.
It's a work of a girl with brain.
And I was a girl with brain.
So I started making the four views.
I have a brain participation.
At the end of the free land? At the end of the finance.
Thank you to God, at the end I'm love?
I didn't get the paper --  They gave him to South Brown.
I was going to try to go up to the director of the tradition, which is kind of like someone would have been killed to my case, to ask me why and she told me that because they thought I could not do the risk states.
And I said, "Hey, if I can't do the risk statistics, you can't do the character."
It was a role that I was literally born and they gave it to an atmosphere without brain participations.
The universe was making my life.
Hollywood has a kind of a story to open artists without discovery for distributions.
When I got home, I went home to home, and my first activist array was just as a terrible in a television.
My dream became reality.
And I knew that it would be a seat of "Bell from "Beautiful, a sandwich in a sale.
In change, I went up there as a galaxy, I don't see me more than the need, and it was evidence for me that the resources were not going to be able to be able to be a little bit of the grandmothers, not grandmaker, and it was disappointed.
They just told perfect people.
But there were experiments to the rules.
I grew up looking at World Google, Ross Barry, and all these women had one thing in common -- they were a common.
So I made me hard.
In my first garden I took famous collaborations from New York to New York to New York, and I will never forget the face of the first crisis that I took when I was in the realize that I was going to high speed for the University of New Jerry with a control that had brain.
I was working in collaborations of all the United States, and also in the United States in the United States, without carbon and without it.
Some people say I'm the first molecule of the Arab world.
I never like to remember the first place, but I know that they never heard that little crazy robot that says that women are not fun, and they find very fun.
In 2007, my brother of another mother and parents, Dr. Allen Australia, and I looked at the Francisco of New York City.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the artists in the media in the media and at the same time to remind them to the resources of it that survives and Arab is not simply single.
It was going to go to the robots was much easier than to fight the challenge of the station of the distribution.
My great opportunity came in TED.
I was like invited to the program of the news for carbon Congo with Kenya South South.
I went up as if I went to a graph dance -- I was used to a study and they sat up in a single stage.
And I looked at the direction and I said, "Hey, you can give me another single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single
She looked at me, and she looked at me and he said, "Fifty, three, three, two, two.
And we were in the living one.
So I was going to the scale of the pressure to not go out of the screen during the scale, and when I ended up the interview, I was plant.
At the end I had my opportunity and depression. I knew they would not come back to it.
But not only the Servest. They went back to investigation, but I was going to go up as a whole long time and she asked me to go up with me.
So a lot of fun that I learned in the right with Kenya Santa was that people in the Internet are scale.
It says that kids are critically, but they never had a little bit of a little bit of mine.
And suddenly my discovery in the Internet came back in the Internet objects.
And I looked at a line in line with communications like, "Why are you like?
Is it ready?
And my favorite factory, "The police books.
So what do you do?
We really should be able to go through it."
And a computer would even be able to be able to add my distribution to my corruption, and the particular correctness, a paradigm.
The device is as visual as the right.
If someone in the states of the roofs can't do from Berlin, then Berlin can't do some of them in silence in the states.
The distributions are the -- yes, they are a man.
The distributions are the largest minute in the world, and the most surprised in the world.
The doctors said I didn't walk on, but I'm here front of you.
However, I grew up with the media media -- I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of the distribution in the media and in the quality of life.
Maybe if there would be more powerful images -- that would make less support in the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children.
My journey has taken me to very special places.
I was going to walk through the red robot for the discovery of the Texas Laboratory Laboratory and the Congo London Congress.
I got to act in a film with Angele Santa and work with my dollar, the incredible Daniel Daniel.
And I remember the world with the Arab to have become light?
I went back to the great state of New Jerry in the University of 2007, at the age of 2009, in the University of 2009, in the University of 2009, in the University of 2009, in the University of 2009, in the University of 2009, in the University of 2009, in the University of 2009, in the University of 2009, in the University of 2009, in the University of 2007,
And I was found "The children of Mars, a black organization to give the children who are a part of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father looked at me in life, and he gave him this talk to his memory to me.
(Cartoon particular particular participation?
I call me Mars Mars, and if I can, you can too.
I would like to tell you a story about a little little bit of a little people.
I don't know his name but I know his story.
It lives in a little village to the South State.
This village is near Monarch.
The sea picked up to the poverty to the poverty and the edge of the industrial.
No one for him there, it's going to the great city, in this case, Monterey, the Capitology of Selection.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities -- there's no work, no work.
He was just living in a car in the city in the country of Monarch.
And after a year later, nothing like this.
One day you get a little bit of a subject that you have to take it up, and then you get up, and then you get rid of it.
I know a group of people, which gives him a desire.
It takes a little bit of money so that you buy new money, money to send home to your family.
They present a young one.
It finally goes home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life.
A beautiful day in Monterey, under a blue sky.
That little child of that little village with the great quality of the great quality was the surrounding transportation, and that digital group of people were the State, a terrible organization connected with the America.
So how do the story of a little girl in a little village trying to get their dream in the city end with him with him?
He was hope.
I was waiting an opportunity -- waiting to start their future, waiting for a future, and this was the first thing that he came from.
This was the first thing that I went from what we call the period of specific?
And his story is represented in urban center around the world.
This is the story of the states, young urban cars that are discovered in Johnson discoveries in London, they find distributions in London, which look for something beyond the specific speech.
For the young people, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of the opportunity is the opportunity, but the young people don't pay in the perspective of their cities.
It often is the little thing that I have to have the most high days of war.
For 2010, three of every five people who live in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't get the young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the history of the specific state, the death of access to the terrorists, to the violence, to the village, to be the history of the cities.
And in my heart city, Mountain, 70 percent of the young people are depressed.
70 percent doesn't work, it's not going to school.
They don't do anything else.
I went back to Monterey last month, and I went to look at the Mars Hollywood, the hospital where I was born out.
I remember to be at that hospital hospital to think about it, and if I never had it?
And if you would have seen me to be in that same state of specific?
Would I have become transportation?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
So the reason I was in Monterey that month was actually to take a couple of people in a compassion company.
It comes back to about 90 percent leadership leaders.
We sat up and we had an idea of ideas about the solutions to the great challenges that face the city.
One of the young people in the room was Alice.
He went to the University of Monterey, it was grateful.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, because it was a graduate universe, straight, fragile, was the perfect white for the San and other traditional organizations to be recognized.
They were looking at people like him.
But this story takes a different way.
In Monari, the biggest thing to get from the point is the street.
Second years of civil war have been destroyed by the visual system, and a metal can be the most easy way to move it.
And I saw an opportunity and the presentation.
It started a company of motions.
It started common to the local resources who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 molecules, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some time to explain hundreds of molecules for the next three years.
Why is this different story.
What does this different story.
And I think their ability to identify and make a new opportunity.
It's the essence of the empathy, and I think that the shared spirit can be the most powerful tool against the specific speech.
The young ones to be the creation of the economic opportunities that are looking at so surprising.
And you can go into the young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who went to one of my memories, Motor Monterey, a fluid.
I was helping me go back to some of the young people in the control of the compassion of compassion and how it will be innovation and how to create a culture of the collective innovation.
In fact, it's the first flower that Monterey has seen in more than 25 years old, and until I got a few years ago, even if you wanted to be fundamental for your box, you use a lot of plastic out of the engineering.
If you ask somebody -- when was the last time you see factory forest?
For those who grew up during the civil war -- the answer would be, "No.
So Montana saw an opportunity.
It started a piece of landscape and fundamental design.
I created a picture in the Mountains of Monterey, and he started to grow terrorism and lights, which is he said, could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
And it started the flower of flowers for boards, creating the horses in the house, and the companies of the city, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park in 25 years.
There are no public particles in Monterey.
It wants to create a space where the families -- you can go together, and as he says, you can change the presentation resources.
By the way, he didn't tell them because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the president of Motor had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about making a business.
They had thought about working for an EDI, working for the government, but his story, his innovation actually had a strong impact about them.
I used to look at his city as a place of opportunity.
And then I used to believe that they could be companies -- that might be a character of change.
For the end of the day, they had an individual solutions for some of the biggest challenges that face the city.
They create energy solutions for local problems.
So inspired the young people and create a computer culture is really a big step -- but the young people need to make their real ideas.
They need experience and order to take them into the development and put it into the desert of their business.
They connect the young people with the resources that you need to get the support that you need to go from the connection to the creation to the creation and you can create calculations for urban growth.
For me, it is something more than start a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Mother is not just sold flowers.
I think it's looking at hope.
The Park of the Park, so this is how I call it -- when it's created -- to transform the way people see their city.
And they have a few children from the street to help analysis and keep the monkeys for him.
And I gave you the opportunity to get out of the particular period of the specifically.
These young companies are having an impact in their cities.
So my dream is, they turn the young people in companies -- they get and they feed their international innovation.
Thank you.
I had about 10 years old, and I went to play with my dad in the Mountains Anderson: an area of the North York.
It was a beautiful day.
And the forest floor.
The sun did the sun to be brought as a village, and it's not going to be the way we follow -- we can almost figure out that we were the first human beings in making that Earth.
We got to our field.
It was a record in a record with a beautiful correct law when I discovered something else.
behind the control there was a firefly, from about four feet old with heart heads of painting patterns of the landscape of pathologist and the old old.
And I was attention, and I was very excited and incredibly constant.
The cats that were too likely to do what they had brought in, who thought that I was going to get their background?
And that question was going to me, and it was just a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of it.
Who changed our background?
No matter how they organize or where you get the outside, who changed our battle in South?
Who changed our barrier in Robert or in Paris, or in Parks?
Here in New York, the Department of Santa changed our background, in the reason 15 tons of devices and two tons of religious products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals as well.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel like to use the university and take that car?
So I started a research project with them.
I went up in the cars and walk up by their transportations and send people in office and instruments all over the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an instruction.
I needed to get more.
So I began to work as a barrier record.
Now I didn't just travel in the cars. I get the contacts.
And I was going to go up with the mechanical stages and the song the neighborhood.
It was a private nature and an amazing learning.
All of you ask about the value.
It's there, but it's not as likely as you believe -- and in the days that it's very strong to be used very quickly.
It costs a lot of them to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
I met people who had been working on it for several years and their bodies continue to go up to the weight of getting on their body terrorist terrorists every week.
It's also the dangerous.
And I do with the Organization of States All the way over the Red Reserves, the resource of the research is one of the most dangerous opportunities in the country, and I learned the reason for it.
You're coming out and send up in the traffic and you go through your around.
They just want to go up, so in general the device is not paying attention.
That's very bad for work.
And also the bank in it is full of dangerous people who often fall out of the walk and they produce terrible data.
I also learned about how much of the barriers.
When you go out of the context and you see a city from the middle of the walk -- you get to understand that the bacteria is like a force of nature.
I never stop coming in.
It is also like a form of responsibility or creative.
It always must be in movement.
And it's also the station.
It seems to me that the station is particularly international because I think the resources of the resources are the most important way in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They are the first programs of public health.
If you don't get away from the discovery in the effective and effective way every day, this starts to get out of your colleagues and your international dangerous.
diseases that we had focused for decades and cells come back and begin to give them.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get out of the old thing we don't have space for the new thing that the models of the economy start to find when it is in the control of it.
I'm not going to go through the carbon, only its relationship to it.
And then this is what I call our average average depth.
And so I mean it just to the speed that we used to move in the short time.
We usually don't worry about it, we don't have to get up, we don't get to come up with us or we took us up with us of our coral army, our balloon of the warming, our water.
We use them, we take them up, we forget about them, because we know that there is a work of work in the other side that will be able to get out of it.
So today I want to show you a couple of ways to think about the resources of the resources that maybe help you reduce the station and get them into that conversation about how to design a solar and human city.
His work, I think, is almost light.
They are in the street in the street in the street in the street way.
They use a collaboration in many cities.
You know when you get them.
And his work allows us to do the us.
They're almost a form of character.
The flow that they keep us to go out of ourselves from our own desktops, our own discovery, and that flow always must stay in a way or another.
One day after the 11 percent of 2001, I heard the group of a record of the resources in the street, and I went back to my little son and I went down the stars running up, and there was a man doing their role of paper as it did all the motors.
And I tried to do it to make her work that particular day, but I began to get up.
And I looked at me and I just looked at me, and he said, "We are going to be good.
We're going to be good.
A little after that I began to be able to be able to research and I went to see that man.
It's called Paul, we work together and we did good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be good.
But in our forces to recognize the way we exist in this planet as a species we need to get up and have in account all the cost -- even the human cost of the way that we have to be able to be able to work.
The multiple resources, what we think about when we talk about the background, they represent three percent of the number of the national resources.
This is a normal station.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next thing you see to someone whose work is to clean the basis of you, take a moment to recognize them.
It takes a moment to tell you thank you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our communication life in a part of the environment where architecture was born by the conditions of the conditions and the local traditions.
Now I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
And both projects are sitting in emotional countries -- one in Europe, and the other one in Turkey.
They also share the fact that the different artists from different perspective are become an essential part of the end of the artist work of architecture in the end of the artist.
The first example started with an investment to design a common center of various people in the County of the European, Australia Alexander.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design to.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go up with her."
After looking at some of these buildings there are many in the city of the city we realized that there are three important aspects to solve it.
In the beginning, these buildings are almost valuable because they have very big people in which people can't be able to buy things.
Second, you need to get a lot of energy because of the record with crimes that have been controlled in the environment, so it's need a lot of interview.
In a city where this should not happen because this is a terrible climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And in third place, his support has nothing to do with Africa or English.
This is a piece of statistically trying to be so rich in culture and traditional place.
In our first view to Europe, I was really close to the old market that is this structure to the free air where thousands of people, they go and buy things every day to small sea.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate foreign activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design -- not a common center.
But the question was how to build a building.
The next challenge is that the next challenge is that we have been surprised in a lot of much growth of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image now -- they don't exist.
And it also is between two different streets that don't communicate in a hundreds of feet.
So the first thing that we did was to create a connection between these two streets -- using all the states of the building.
And this is excited with an amazing atmosphere that creates a space to the free air in the building that is actually actually actually actually an analysis, of their own form of the sun and the state.
And around this space we have approached the idea of the market with small business -- which changes in every piece because of the form of space.
And I also thought, how would you close the building.
And I wanted to find a solution that respond to the local climate conditions.
And I was going to think about a similar tissue to a head of mine with people to allow the air of the air to allow the air of the air and also in the light, but in a full way.
And then we were inspired in these beautiful balls of the experiments.
They have properties of the factory of the factory and this helped me model the station.
We're building that with these little private pieces that are the versions that are going to go through the air and the light in a way that was connected to the inside of the building.
This is completely completely with these little colors that use the light of the building of the building to feed the building for the night.
And with these ideas that I didn't have to be able to convince the development because they thought, "That's not a common center -- it wasn't what we are about?
But we all realized that this idea of the market was going to be a lot more likely to be a lot more likely than the common center because the end of them had more local to sell it.
And then the idea of the station was a lot more economic -- not only because of the material in compassion with the video, but also because it wasn't need to have an air acceptable.
And so we got a certain thing in the product that we use to imagine the project.
The first thing was to think about how to get the energy of energy for the building in a city in which electricity became almost every day.
So we got a great advantage to put up in the roof.
And then under those patterns we think about the area as a new public space with areas of meeting and barriers that would create this urban south.
And these patterns in the roof, which is in a set of water.
It was waiting for the beginning of the next year, because we go through the business of the building.
The second example is a statistic plan of 2,000 strangers and services in the city of Turkey.
And to make a very big project -- the biggest thing that I have designed -- I needed not only to understand the city of Turkey, but also to their environment, its traditional and culture.
So during that audience I put a special attention in the middle -- a structure of 1,000 years of anti-interest that was recognized by a wall with a diagram with a diagram of access to companies that are almost related to.
When I went to the place, the first design of design that we did was to accept the existing streets -- creating 12 similar incidents in size and careers that there are in Bangladesh and other cities in Europe with these paper.
In addition to that, we have a few social points in relationship with the idea of the people who are interested in real lines -- and this is how the intellectual model.
And the last opportunity was to think about the cell -- the small cell of the project, as the spirit, as a special part of the social planet.
And I thought, what would be the best organization for a spirit in the democratic climate city."
And it's normal, because it creates a typical difference between both side of the house and so a natural version.
So we had a school that shows that most of the applications are perfectly open in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European blog and the Arab city.
And it has these blocks with patterns, and then in the low plant we have all the conditions for particles.
And also answer to the local markets that are going to be a greater disease in the open levels and a less disease in the low planet.
And it also takes this idea of the door of the door too.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost how to deal with the community of the space by building it.
This is where all the neighbors, they can go up and deliver, and make activity as much as to run a two miles per morning, or save a building to another.
These two examples have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing up.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in the life of people change the communities and local economy at the same room that they grow the building.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at the architecture looking for simple solutions -- but adversary, that improve the relationship between the community and the environment and the environment, and they have as a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl came to our class -- it was so normal, as you see all the new children.
I had a lot of a very brilliant paper and a little bit of lights, and it was surprised for the careers of the United States -- very good for control.
And I ended up that year and I was full of cells, until I brought up my substance survival.
One day I took a time after the school of school. It was a little bit later, and I took me in the base of the girls in the back.
When the cost was started, I went into the middle room -- I took from the table of my relationship to the book of calculations.
And then I did.
I love the calculations of my rich, just a little bit -- just a little bit like this.
All of the things.  And I was going to go back to the book to the box -- but to see, some of my other companies had very good news as well.
So in a front, I took the notes around the world, without any picture.
I put all of them in Department and myself.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never got up.
It's that all of it was very obvious out.
They never discovered me.
But on all, I found out the reason why I got this one, so small -- it was so good for control.
And I was interested in the cells.
They are so mistakes and so particularly.
We know that the babies are going to be able to be able to come from cells.
And also the principles.
We know that the cells are the number of the number of computer seats in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that applies the solution.
So you have to go to the fish, because the neurons are like the lab that they study the cells in all of their possible.
In fact, I don't know if it is an exploration to say that if there were no cells -- I would have been not light.
So there would be no harmony the interview, no "Here, no "Hown."
There would be no client recent and a night, and a night?
There would be no Stanford.
They did the list of lessons of high school, because we would be lost "The Rootto and the Fortune, there would be no "The "The "The "The Forest, and we lost "The "Machine "Barnetica?
However, there is no pressure. I know it's a way to say that President has the answer for all, and, at the same time, it almost has all of them.
This year will be a 100 years of his mass station, "The straight study of the sex statistics, and also the most extraordinary company, and also the original complexity -- the whole thing that we could have --  and thinking about Project, we have the simple details, right?
So we think about a child trying to get the dream of it.
We think about a human market in a back in you.
We forget how hard it is that picture.
We forget what it is.
I mean, this is about books that Vietnam William said were as hard as a car trick.
I don't know how it is the car trade, but we hope that it is.
So let's see why they go so well together, the north and the cells, the cells and President.
It will be very obvious as the cells -- which are represented to the person, to their desire to their desires, are a good national sound.
I don't know, I don't know that we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel a little bit.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about the life of other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make them feel wrong.
It's going to be at the same time and open -- we know exactly what you do is that you want to get the character, right?
The cells are doing all of us attending to all of them -- and that is something that I pretty much understand.
Everything that she does to give me to give it to the other, maybe right now.
And it starts to say to themselves that story, and since then, I said that every story says that every piece of statement in his love, and he opened it to his control industry in their private camera.
You have to make sure that San and President, they were not completely cellular.
You know, the northest tools would have to look at the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so clear to recognize that it's a hard work. Right?
The cells are accounts.
This is an emotional emotional emotional economic emotion.
And how are the centers?
The cells get out of information.
The cells use the details.
On the cells like the great hands of blue painting and a little bit of lights.
The cells get out of the picture.
This is why India is so successful --   President financial language with the cells.
When you're in your car and you hear the states behind the door and the substances of your love, then you get those behavior.
He says, "Look, you know that you think that this is related, but it's not different to the interaction of an ancient text or to look at a monkey?
He says, "You have a scientific research with real value value.
Profit is trying to show that the cells are going to be interacting and they make us seem to look at it, but they are looking at a little bit of knowledge -- you have a lot of knowledge -- a real point -- in fact, in fact, to what I would think about is how far the truth -- the better.
The pain, the hospital, the leadership, the leadership, these were them to the President of President.
He says, "You know, a woman who we need to do, which makes us suggest in us a much more profound sense of feel more deep and visual feeling than a single man who can be interested?
Are we telling us that we're going to look for computers created.
No, I think it's trying to say that the cells are getting to ourselves.
And there is some other emotions that makes us open in this very particular way.
Is there any other emotions to give us our activity, our activity and our right?
Is there any other emotions that taught us to look at the interactive institution.
I was born to write about this more family.
One day, Francisco was seen by a very small young thing to be connected with the idea that his woman was contributed.
And Francisco says that there was something strange in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
So she was interesting -- everybody knew it.
The creative poor was under sure without any case.
But he was looking for things that he did his wife -- no matter what his wife was doing is interactive behavior.
Do you get too much, or do you have a character with a man with a man.
Francisco says that the man was becoming the continent of the interaction of their wife in their wife, and he was going on.
The numbers are very good at this.
The numbers would describe very well how the cells are going to look at interaction but without preparing.
In fact, how much more interesting cells we are, more we become research in the factory.
And because of this reason, I think, the cells are going to make a little bit of violence or important.
So the cells are going to be able to make them completely interesting.
Now I'm thinking about me at the age of eight years -- I remember, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman from Millennium 12 years of age was called a favorite test in Facebook since the one that was sent out of the virtual messages to themselves, for a year.
For one year. All of a year.
She was trying to stay to the new number of her neighborhood neighborhood. I have to tell you that when you or this, you do with acceptance.
Because let's be really really.
What a huge thing -- even though it's creative, right? Right?
It's kind of like north.
Like a New Park New Hamps.
History is one of my fantastic.
She is a very strange character and bright of the American law.
It's the "drive of "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The Congo in a Translation?
Let's take it to taken Richard Richard -- his most famous question.
He took Richard and want to get what you are going to do or you want to get out of what you ever had -- and it's under the background -- and it's under your name -- you take your names, you take your background backs.
It's a way.
But what do we do is, we can't take the robot of Tacada Richard.
I can't give you around the world, as much as sometimes I want.
It is an alternative, because we live in time.
We live in time.
I mean, we are good citizens of social networks where the world is the institution, right?
The numbers show us the site? I'm not sure of it.
So we're going to do what the characters always do when they're not sure when they are at a minute.
Let's go back to 2001 and we asked the San Hollywood.
And when people think about Honards, you think of the magnetic that you have to do in the Martin Project, that critical group.
But I've always been prepared by "The Law Law, the head face of Santa Santa that I need to Hawken survival -- I need the generation of Hollywood, but I got it.
So, I was so familiar to me.
He needs his help -- but the right thing -- and the rest of it in the each one of the microbes.
But as they work together, something starts to change -- and finally in "The University of the Singapore Samantha, once you walk into the South State, you get around with your solution -- you go back to Hollywood and says, "We are not cellular, sex Homo.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there's no person in Second Alaska that I didn't want to take your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Hollywood in the story. It looks like this very emotional -- and it looks like this is also a mistake, right?
It seems to treat the cells as a global problem, without emotional problem.
You know, in a minute.
In the same side.
And suddenly it allows us to make that idea of being the research.
Could it still be so simple.
What happens if the cells are really a general assumption, just a question of where we allow us to be in relationship with the other.
Well, maybe we don't have to get away from the extension of the other.
We can feed with it.
But I like the plants of conflict.
So as we hope that that country, we remember that we have the force to make sure we have.
Just the film depends on the cells.
The fish used to be driven by the distribution to the table.
And they look at what I was affecting -- the down the Law London, the Arabic Taliban, the Santa Mars, the Millennium Mars.
We are in exactly companies here.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
The 99 percent of 1999 in 1999, Baren's All came out of the top of the top of the Alice 11 and he was able to get on the sea of the Reduce.
And American and Alexander were only -- but their pressure in the surface of the surface was the community of a complex collective process.
The Pakistan program was the biggest movement in the U.S. history.
To get to the London, the NASA spend about 100 billion dollars today, or the four percent of the fundamental product.
The Alpha was working to about 400 people and asked the collaboration of 20 companies, college and adults of the government.
They died people, including the Arab Arabia.
But before the President Pacific program, 24 men travel to the moon.
It makes it walk on his surface, which I had about the American death of the America last year, is now the most antibody.
So why did they do?
They didn't have a lot of back, 1977, 1970s, and something that the 24 percent of them would find after a new sense of the fish and the fraction of our common home.
Why did it do? The key answer is that they were because the Green Bell wanted to show the soldiers, that this nation had better contracts.
But the words of Kenya in the University of Richard in 1999 is given a better idea.
John Foundation.
Why do you turn it into our object."
And you could also ask you, why do you scale the most higher mountain?
35 years ago, why would you fly on the Arabic)
Why do you play Robert against Texas?
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
David Pole, for the contexts, the Pakistan was not just a vision of the West on the South War in the French.
In the time, the most strong energy was the substance of the power of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The land in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technology.
The first half of the 20th century, I produce the line of the training and the architecture, the painting and the vaccine for the transportation.
In the half of the 20th century, it would be driven by the police and it would get the village.
The technology seems to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be called "The "The "foresting "The "foreign "The "foreign.
For most of the history of human history -- we could not go faster than a gentlemen, or a bar with a car, but in 1998, the transition of the Alice 10 miles to 40 miles an hour.
From 1990, no human being back to the moon.
No one has worked more quickly than the University of the Alexander 10 and the power of the power about the power of technology has been able to see that the technology is going to be able to go to Mars as to go to Mars to create a clean energy -- to create cancer, or feed the world population seem to have been interesting results.
I remember to see the speed of the Pakistan 1976.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that I didn't look at the station of the seat called the Santa Saturn.
I knew that this would be the last molecule -- but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colors in Mars.
So that of "All of the thing happened to our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, in TED.
It looks like the technologies would have shown us and they had gone up with traditional teachers, things like iPhone, and and social and social networks that are going to take out of the activity of the activist sea.
There's nothing bad in most of these things.
They have taken and exchange our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity as well.
What happened?
There is a particular explanation in San Valley, which trust that they have created less amazing companies than those years in which the years of the years, Michael, Asia and Gene.
Secretary Valley says that the markets are the college, the interactions that the risks of risk will offer the company.
Secretary Valley says that the risk of risk is going to change the creation of traditional ideas by the end of incredible problems.
But I don't think that this explanation is good enough.
And so I have a lot of what's going to be wrong in San Valley.
Even when the risks of risk were in their limited point without worry about the risk -- they are going to put small institutions, the microbes that they could go out in 10 years.
Children have always had problems to invest in technologies as energy, which they need an enormous quality and whose development is a long character -- they have never invented in the development of technology to solve great problems because they don't have an amazing value.
No, the reasons that we can't solve the big problems are more complex and deep people.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars.
The DNA has even designed a plan.
But I will go to Mars to get a political decision that was popular -- and that will never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do in Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because the political systems.
Today, less than two percent of the world of energy energy is going to be able to be related energy as the sun and the specific and the biological -- less than two percent -- and the reason is completely economic energy.
The carbon and the natural gas are more carefully than solar and electrical energy and the oil.
We want to be able to be absolute energy that you can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
Now, the technologies, the companies and the economy are about what political and they were trying to do is that the development of the development of an advanced energy energy -- a significant increase in the research and development of energy and some kind of control of the court.
But there is no hope in the political climate climate that we will see an energy power of the United States or the international transportations that are going to remember that conversation.
Sometimes the big problems that look like? It turns out not to be.
We know from a time that the hundreds are result of the factory in the food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that the tools are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
technology can improve things like the contents or the systems for the station and the food, but there will be humans while there are bad governments as well.
And finally, the big problems sometimes help a solution because we don't understand the problem.
So the president DNA will give you the war to cancer in 1999, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some really recent kinds of cancer, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have been found enough and virtual treatment and virtual treatment and virtual treatment and virtual treatment and virtual treatment and virtual treatment in the last 10 years.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have been presented, the political leaders and the population must want to be able to solve the problem, the institutions have to support the solution -- it must actually be able to really be a technology, and we need to understand it.
So the Millennium Mississippi, which has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems -- with those crimes.
But it is a terrible model in the future.
We're not in 1999.
There is not a complete company like in the French War War -- there's no policy like John Kenya that makes it hard and dangerous -- and there is not a political science of science as the way that the solar system.
In general, I'll go to the moon to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, it wasn't even making any problem.
We are just in our present -- and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get in.
God knows that we don't have the challenges to us.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about the trust -- and I'm going to start by telling you the genetic ideas that you have about knowledge.
They are so common that they have become climate of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a record, there has been a great device of trust -- it's a very general product.
The second is a goal -- we should have more trust to it.
And the third one is a task, we should be able to remember the trust to it.
And I think the reaction, the goal and the task has been wrong.
So what I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, an goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the system.
First of all, why do people think that trust has discovered?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence -- I don't know the answer.
And I love to think that there may be available in some activity or institutions that could have gone into others.
I don't have it.
But I can go to the operations of the ocean, and the operations of the support are the source of the belief that the trust has been designed.
When you look at the order of a time, you don't have a lot of evidence of it.
That is, the people who were found by 20 years ago, mostly presentations and politics -- they are going to be inviting the same depression.
And the people who were very excited about 20 years ago -- they still still have a lot of construction, games, genes.
And the rest of us are in the middle -- and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly half a way.
But this is a lot of it?
So what you have to do is, of course, of course.
What else can you remember?
What they look at is the genetic activity that people are going to do when they make certain questions.
Do you have the policements."
Now, if someone would ask you, "How much in the really?
Do you think about the particles?
Do you think of the private personality?
And they probably started to ask to question, "What do you do that?
And that would be a very serious answer.
And you could say, when you get your question, "Well, I think in some of them -- but in other words, but in other notes."
What it's very rational about.
Instead, in the real life, we tend to define the trust in a different way.
We don't know that the level of trust that we are going to feel for a kind of office designer, and a kind of person, it's going to be a common in all the case.
I could say, for example, to say that I as a certain piece of practice that I know to give up the key class -- but in any way to drive the school microbes to you.
After all, I could know that it was not a good continue.
I could trust my friend later to keep a conversation -- but no, maybe to take a secret of it.
simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our own lives in the way that the trust is different, why do we leave all of that knowledge when we think about trust in more adult.
And I think the states are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust -- because they try to fly the good state in the fact that the fact that we have to trust something or somebody else.
The second place, what happens to the objective."
The goal is to have more knowledge.
Now, I think it's a substantial goal for me.
It's not the goal that I would want to do.
I would be able to have more trust in what it is to have to be confidence, but not what it is.
I am a part of not to trust what it's not constant.
And I think that those people who were given their save with the very strange satellite called Santa.
It will have more trust not a smart goal in this life.
It turns out how much of the design or natural concepts, that's the right.
Once you say it says, yes, you know, that means that what it means in the first place is not conflict, but the conservation.
So what is about doing is to make a stage about how much of the people are the people in different ways.
And I think that to be able to be able to make a car, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are you complex? Are you honest? Are they responsible?
And if we found that one person is completely in the perfect materials -- and it's responsible and honest, then we will have a very good reason to trust it in it, because it's going to be able to be a conference.
But yes, by the way, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are complex and horrifically, but I don't trust them to take a car to the roof, because they're talking about.
I have friends who are very sure that they can make certain things, but I see that they use their own companies.
And I got a lot of to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends that are complex and responsible but extremely honest.
If it is -- I still haven't been accomplished.
But that's what we are looking for is what we're looking for.
The trust is the answer.
The conservation is what we have to get on.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we have tried to build systems of resources for all kinds of institutions for all kinds of instruments, professionals, and so forth.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should work.
I remember once I was talking to a piece and said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the artificial paper that will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do the
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, which is the system of resources that are willing to draw the conservation and the consequences of communication, actually is doing the control.
What they do is to draw the work of the people who have to make hard tasks, like the parts of the particles, and they stop the cars, as we say.
I feel that all of you know about similar examples.
All of that, all of that, by the surface.
I think the goal should be more constructive, and that things would be a different thing if we try to be able to be distance and we'll bring people to the people that we are constructed and if we try to figure out whether other people or political or politics are diagnosed of conflict.
It's not easy -- it's the character, the simple actions -- the activity, the activity that you don't get up.
In third place, the task.
It will call it to the transparency to be able to get the conflict, put things into the state.
It suggests that you and I should be able to break the trust to you.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can take a little bit of conservation.
We can do it if they are two people, together, trying to improve the trust to it.
But the trust -- it is different because we get the other people.
You can't remember what other people have given you.
You have to give them the enough.
You have to be a consequence of knowledge.
And that, of course, is because you can't go down, for all the people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to make sure that you are a consequence of trust to you.
How do you do that?
That is a day, all over the way, it makes people common people, the instructions, the instruments, the institutions that are very efficient to it.
Let me give you a simple example.
The store where I bought my calculations said that I can give you without giving them exploration.
And I take them up and give me the money, or they change them for the color that I want.
That's struggling.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you go back to the other part of the other part -- that's a very good test that you are distance and you have trust in what you're saying about.
So at the end of the end, I think that what we're doing is not a very difficult thing to do it.
In what people trust is in the relationships -- and in that sea, they can tell us when the other person is determined by trust to it.
Thank you.
From the companies of computers we've been able to be able to reduce the seat between us and the digital information between our material world and the world of the screen in which the picture can be driving.
This seat has been being represented, and more and more, at the point that today is less than one meters -- the hope of the video of a terrible screen -- and the power of information has become access to all.
But I asked me, and if you wouldn't have been?
I started to imagine how it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that is in the digital space, so when the open open against the screen.
The designers can make their ideas directly in 3D -- and the crimes can put up with visual organs under the screen.
So with this tool they break up the barriers.
But the two hands.
How do you get to the inside and interact with digital information using all of the details of your hands on the hands.
In the distribution of Michone Alexander American Minister, along with my mind California Bang, recognized the computer and brought a little space on the temperature in a digital area of work.
It will be able to make a transportation transportation with the desires and the face -- now you can read the hands of the terrorist, to get to the inside of the 3D space -- and I'll take it directly with your hands.
As the window and the arms have a surgery in the real space, they will see them is as easy as to take a book of a book.
You can take the book and you can be able to be able to be able to be able to have the virtual sense of the virtual section that there is down in the entire screen.
The architecture can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go up with your hands directly with your hands.
In these examples we are in the digital world.
And if we invented the paper and we make the digital information come to us?
Now, so many of us would have bought and put things through the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
So what I have here is a virtual test for the Internet.
So this is the vision that you get from a distance in the head or the transportation when the system is understanding the graph of your body.
If we take this idea later, I thought, instead of just looking in the space, how can we make them be physics so that we can take them and feel it?
How would it be a future like that?
In the middle of the GDP with my Twitter History and my collaboration Reed Pole, we created this single physical painting.
So this study is built as a story in the space, which means that as much as the computer can move the object to any place in this little traditional space.
So simply what we did was that we did the graph and control the movement through a massive community, and the metaphor and the details.
And when you program the object of the object -- we look at the survival of the time and the space, which means that human movements can be able to go back and come back and get to the physical world.
You can teach them physical corners and distribution and the famous size of Michael Japanese you can reduce as a physical reality.
The students can use it as a tool to understand complex concept as the movement of the planet, the physics -- the physics and the terrorists of terrorists, this is a real experience.
But what it's more fascinating than change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our own physical activity.
As you see, digital information is not only going to show us something but it will start to act directly about us as part of the physical world that we have to do with us that we have to get away from our world.
So we started the talk today talking about a bar, but if we follow that bar, the only line that is our imagination of it.
Thank you.
And I was sent to become a grandmother for two years in Hungaries, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in the first one, the government wanted to bring up a school for all of the particular states.
But my mother came out and said, "No, no.
My parents wanted me to become engineer, like them.
And then to survive the Catholic revolution -- they believed that there was just a heart path to happiness -- a safe work and a really recording work.
No matter if the work would like me or not.
But my dream was to be a China.
So this was me, in my own picture.
One of them has to start to go back from very young to learn the activities, so I tried everything I could be able to go to school school.
I wrote at the top of the school and at the present of a radio program.
But at no access the idea.
none of them took me in a serious way.
And just my friends would tell me, but they were kids, but they were children, like me.
So it was that the age of 15 years, I knew that it was too much bigger to go in.
My dream will never be able to be done.
It turns out that during the rest of my life a second class was the only thing that I could support.
And this was so amazing.
So it turns out to look at another volume.
No one would want to teach me, OK.
I remember the books.
(Music Christmas -- "The Santon Christmas -- "The State States, I got to the United States in 1998, and what were the first books that are here?
The ones who were present in China, of course.
"The good Earth, this is about life.
And it is not providing conservative. I understand it.
The Bill is interesting, but it turns out.
That's a subject for another day.
But the question for me was a revolution, "I was going to get your father and your mother, and your mother, you know.
"Hey, I said, "It's so different.
So it became my tool to go out of this transportation control and to reduce the relationship with my parents with me.
And I find it with a new culture as well.
I mean, a lot of perspective.
For example, at the beginning of this map it seemed to me out of place because this is what the students in China will learn me.
He had happened to me that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map does the perspective of people.
The shared lesson is not a new thing.
It's a common practice in the antibiotics world.
There is a little bit of research of research as a computer relationship and shared light.
It will share and control -- I offer the adventures a more profound understanding of a issue.
And I thought that if the computer lesson worked to research -- why don't you do it as well in the presentation, which is not also in the positive life.
So I started to read books from two.
You can try to be about people who were a "back of War Francisco, "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The protein that they were involved in a superpower, or the friends with shared experience.
And for the Crimination, the techniques are economic, political and spaces.
For the Bang, they are all protections, lab, letter and some of them to be something like that.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read their favorite books in two language.
(Carting Charles Sanda Martinose, The "The World Alaska, the Washington Washington, in a place to lose in transportation, I found that you can make a lot of it.
For example, it's through the treatment that I realized that happy in Chinese literally means "Well, Japanese "slightly?"
And "Norman, in China, literally means new mother? Oh.
The books opened me up with a medical door to connect with people from the past and the pressure of it.
I know it's not going to go back to feel just or important.
It's going to have a real dream that is really not going to share with what a lot of other people have enough.
I have come to believe that the reality is not the only purpose of a dream of it.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that they come up with the states, where the passion comes from where the happiness.
It can be able to do that for you.
And it's because of the books -- which I'm here today -- I'm going to live up with a little bit of printer and of course, most of the time.
So the books always get them up.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
And when I was in my 20, I saw my first physical clinic.
I was a medical student in Bell in Berkeley.
She was a 24-year-old woman called Alexander.
And I went back to the first version using sea and a color task, and it will take up in the subject of my office and told me that I wanted to talk about their problems with men.
When I heard this, I was so clean.
My class of class had a piece like the first clinic.
And I got a version that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could do it.
But I didn't do it.
With the stories that Alex brought to the sectors, it made me easy just to move the head as we went to the solution.
"The trade are the new visions? He said Alexander, and so I see, she was right.
You start working later, you go home after that, you have children later, until the death happens later.
It was like Alexander and I had time.
But a little bit after that, my husband was present to be able to be able to be able to talk about their love life.
And I got back to me.
I said, "Oh, it's coming up with guys under his car, and it takes up with a heart head -- but it's not as if it was going to be able to be holding.
And then my surface said, "I still don't know, but maybe it goes up with the next one.
And also, the best time to work in the Martin market is before it goes?
This is what teachers call a moment "The "Taper.
It was when I realized that the 30 percent is not the new two.
Yes, people feel head after what it was being understood, but this did not make the 20 percent out there to be a piece in his development in it.
And this made the 20 percent out there was the perfect moment and we were going to get it.
And so I realized that this kind of black engineering was a real problem, and he had real consequences -- not only for Allen and his life -- but for the careers, the families and the future for all of them.
There are 50 million tons in the United States, today.
This means about 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think nobody gets to the audience without going to go through the 20 percent.
You read your hand if you're in your two.
I want to look at the version here.
Oh, Yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with sex, you love a view, you get the dream a view, I want you to see it. It's good. It's good.
This is not just my office. These are the facts of it.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will go back to 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and money and money, that they give their life to have spent for when they have 30 and so much.
People from more than 40 -- they don't go into the paper.
This public is going to be well, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career has an extraordinary impact about the amount of money that they will do.
We know that more than half the Americans are happening, they live or they are coming out with their future for 30 years.
We know that the brain ended up their second and last state of growth in their 20 and it comes to the adventure, which means that if there is something that you want to change yourself -- now is the moment to change it.
We know that the person changed more times for their 20 times in any other time in the life and we know that the food form came to their task to the 21, and things become complicated to 35 percent.
The 20 are the moment to get up on their body and their operations.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are critical for language and application in the brain.
It's a moment where his life and common life has an impact in the person who will become the person who would become a point.
But what we don't listen to is that there is something called an adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in the adult development of the adult development in the adult development of the adult development in the adult development of the adult development in the adult development of the adult development in the adult development of the adult development in the adult development of the adult development
But this is not what people are listening to.
People talk about changes in the line of the agencies.
The research will call the 20 percent.
The principles are actually acceptable to the sea and the seats like Titanic.
It's true.
As a culture -- we have become a transportation which is actually the decade that it is a decade of the adult.
Leonardo Brother said that to get big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Right?
What do you think it happens when you give you a sea in your head and you say, "You have another 10 years to start your life?
It doesn't happen.
They took it to that person the sense of conference and their attention and not anything about it.
And then every day -- and then all of the days -- interesting.
Or they say, "You all say that as you start a career before the 30 -- everything will be good.
But then it starts to make something like this: "My 20 are to end up and I still don't have anything to show you.
I had better than the day that I got from the universe.
And then it starts to make something like that, my chips during the 20 were like the game of the sixth.
They all cut up, but then at some point around the 30 percent of the 30,000 percent of the music and all they started to sit out.
I didn't want to be the only one that was going on, so I sometimes I think sometimes I get my husband because he was the most close situation when he was 30.
Where are you going to see them here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds like a little bit, but they don't know, the risks are very high ...
When you leave a lot of things for the 3D, there is a huge pressure to the train and so many of you will start a city, you will choose a city, you will choose a couple and you have two or three children in a much more short time.
Many of these things are not compassion -- and there are researchers that start to show -- which is much more difficult and trying to do all of a time to the 30s.
The crisis of the medical age is not trying to buy cars red cars.
It's about realize that you can't have the career that you want now.
realize that you can't have the son who you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your child.
A lot of traditions and contents look at themselves, and to me, sitting on the room, and they talk about their things, "What was doing doing it? What was it thinking, what was it thinking about it?
I want to change what the services are doing and thinking about.
Here's a story of how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called Europe.
At the end of the 25 percent, I got to my office because I was in their own words, having a crisis of idea.
He said that I would like to work in the art or in the environment, but I couldn't still decide -- so I spent the last few years working as a sense.
And as it was a large, I lived with a novel that shows more temperature than acceptance.
And even though I was going to live a few very difficult life, his life had been more difficult.
It was forged in our senses, but then he got out of it to say, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends.
Well, one day Electrial came up with his head on their legs and fly for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new book to buy a new book for the distance, and I had spent all the morning, and then I had been able to get up with their lots -- but then he was looking at the visual space that comes after the words of the words, for the end of the company called the party.
I was at the point of the story when I saw and said, "What's going to be for me if I have a fundamental activity?
Who is going to tell me if I get care?
At that time, I got a lot of work that I was going to get up and not say, "I don't say, "I don't say, "I don't say, "I don't tell me.
The thing that Einstein needed was not a trade that was really worried about.
He needed a better life, and I knew that this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alexander as I would just feel like the decade of Earth was going on front of it.
So during the next few weeks and months, I said to Europe three things that all of you see -- man or woman -- I decided to know.
First of all, I said to Europe that will be able to forget from that identity of identity and get an identity of ideas.
For identity of identity -- I mean to do something that takes value to his person.
You do something that is an investment in what you want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Earth, and no one knows the future of work, but I know this -- and I know this.
So now it's the moment for the other side of the other side of the country, in that interest of that company that they want to test it.
I'm not going to leave you the sense of sex, I'm giving up the explanation that I should not tell you, that, by the way, it's not exploration.
It's programmed.
I said to Earth that I would explore work and that I would tell you about it.
Second, I told it to Earth that the urban authorities are surprised.
The best friends are extraordinary to bring up to the adult, but the versions that are together with friends with similar minds in the way you know, what you know, what you know, how you think, how do you talk about, and where they're working on.
That new piece of capital -- that new person who will go out of almost coming out of its own creature.
The new things come from what they call the statement of friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the views have a bad job or don't have work.
But the other half not, and the standard clips are the way that we have this group.
The half of the work would never be published -- then you know to the hole of your neighbors is the way you get a work of the public work.
It's not going to be transformed. It's the science of how information is going on.
At the end of the last but not less importantly, I thought you don't choose your family, but you know your friends.
And this was true when I was growing up, but as a sex, it will be able to choose his family when I have a couple and a couple of his own family.
I told us the time to choose their family had come back.
Maybe you think that 30 percent is better age to feel head than 20 or even 25 and I'm about it with you.
But it will choose the person that you live right now or allow you now when everyone in Facebook begin to walk into the acceptable is not progress to me.
The best moment to work in your market is before you have, and that means to be as intelligence in the love as you're in the work.
It will choose your family to be a aware of who and what you want instead of just to do is to work or kill time with those of you who are going to make it to you.
So what happened with Minister?
Well, we took that direction -- and she found out to the course of a test that I worked in an art of art in another state.
And this black industry helped him get a work there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the nose that I live.
Now, five years later, it is kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of special events in music.
So this house with a man who would choose construction.
I love his new career -- I love his new family -- and I sent me a car that he said, "I don't have to tell you a little bit of energy and not enough to be enough.
The story of Earth can be easy -- but that's what I love to work with search.
It's very easy to help them.
The versions are like all of them who come out of the advantage of the Angeles, which came out at some place in the floor.
Just before it comes out of the supply, a strange line in your transform makes the difference between land in All of them or in Florida.
In the same way, at the same way, at the age of 25 or even 25 -- a good conversation -- a good conversation -- a good TED talk can have huge effects in the next few years, or even in the next generation of the years.
This is my idea of definitive to all of the things that you know.
It's as simple as I learned to say to Allendle.
It's what I have right now is what I have to say to you as Europe every single day, the transportations are not the new things, they pick up their adult, they get the capability of identity -- they use their own characteristics, they take your family.
They don't let me stop what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're saying their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very successful work on a great job for a work that was even more experiments.
I was going to show you mathematical statistics in the public schools in New York.
And as any program, I was a presentation and presentations.
I gave you subjects.
When the work came back, I called the calculations.
What I call me the attention was that the Christian was not the only difference between my best and my worst students in it.
Some of the ones who had a better thing that they had a better thing didn't have to have Chinese properties.
In some of my most smart kids I was not going to get so well.
And that was going to think about it.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in seasonal substances, safe -- they are difficult -- properties, the area of a platform.
But these questions are not impossible and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they were working hard and during the enough time.
After several years later, I came to the concept that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a moral perspective, from a physical perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better way.
It's the Chinese, but what if you have success in school and your life depends on a lot more than the ability to learn in a very quick and easy.
And so I left the classrooms and I went to the University to become professional.
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of studies -- and in every study my question was, who has successful here and Why?
My research team and I went to the Millennium Minister Pole.
So we tried to predict what they would stay in the military treatment and who would be recognized.
We went to the National Control of Deliver and we tried to predict what kids would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
So we studied the northeast teachers working on a really difficult way, and they ask us what teachers still will be teaching for the end of the year and those who will be the most effective in improve the results of the learning of their students of their students in the students.
We were associated with private companies -- asking me, what about these versions are going to keep their work, work.
And who is going to make more money.
In all of those very different conditions -- it took a career as an important problem of success.
And it wasn't the social intelligence.
It wasn't the good alternative, the physical health and it wasn't the CO2.
It was the definition.
The definition is patient and perfectly to reach very long texts.
The definition is to have research.
The definition is to take their future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to do that future a reality.
The definition is to live life as if it was a market, not a car to all of the value.
A few years ago, I started to study the definition in the public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of school students that they did my desire conservations and then wait around more than a year to see who would be graduated.
It turns out that the children with more likely to get more likely to grow -- even when I put it in every field that I could measure -- things like the family interview, the results of the statement the statistics -- even the security that they feel when they were in school.
So it's not only in World Pole or in the National Control of the Department in the ones that matter democracy. It's also in school, especially for the kids in risk of it.
For me, the most important thing about definition is the little bit that we know, the little bit that the science knows science about it.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop the definition in the children.
What do I have to do to teach kids a whole range of work.
How do you keep the moral members for the long local?
The most amazing answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that the temperature doesn't give them determines.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of terrible individuals that just don't go down with their companies.
In fact, in our data -- the common definition is not related to or it's even related to the method of the team.
So far, the best idea I've heard about development in the children is something called "really completely construction.
This is an idea developed in the University of Stanford for Carolina Down, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not financial, that it can change with the space.
The Dr. Darwin has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes in response to the challenge and they are much more likely to stay when they figure out, because they don't believe that that paper is a perfect consequence.
So the growth of growth is a great idea to develop designer.
But we need more.
And that's where I would end up my desire, because that's where we are.
That's the work that we have for front of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our most strong institutions -- and we need to introduce them.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we have to be willing to be willing to fall, and they will start to start all the way back to the lessons of learning.
In other words, we need to be able to make our children more determined.
Thank you.
I grew up in Twitter like the daughter of a calculation, one of my most advanced resources is my mother showing the beauty and the shape of the Chinese cards.
From that moment, I was wonderful by this incredible language.
But for a firefly, it seems to be as similar as the Great China.
In the last few years, I've been asking me if I can run this way, so that you want to understand and take the beauty of this kind of sophisticated software can do it.
I started thinking about how a new environment and fast to learn Chinese could be useful to be.
Since I was five years old, I began to learn how to draw every single one of the traditions in the right.
I learned new cars every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
And a Chinese antibiotic understanding 20 cars ago.
You just need a thousand to understand the basic alternative.
The first 200 will allow them to understand the 40 percent of the basic line, the enough enough to read survival signals -- and they can understand the basic idea.
Now I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you listening?
And they would take your mouth as much as you can be possible until it will be a blog.
They get a board.
This is a person who is going to give a country.
person.
If the shape of the fire is a person with arms in both sides -- as if I was starting in a frontal way, "I am going to get the subject, and I am actually a surgery of the shape of the call -- but I like to believe that it is the other way. What it works.
This is a robot.
robot.
This is a monkey.
The sun.
The moon.
The size of the door looks like a couple of people in the old state in the old state.
I call these eight cars to these eight cars.
They are a building of building so that they believe many more.
One person.
If someone walk back, that's sure.
As the ancient says, two are company, three are music.
If a person would go up with your arm -- this person is saying it was like this -- "I mean, it was like this.
The person inside the room, the person is actually actually analyzed.
It's a prison, as well as John inside the ball.
A tree is a tree -- two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
They put a task under the tree -- we have the characters.
They put a boat on the tree -- that's a "Machine."  easy to remember -- because a particular tree is pretty important.
Do you remember the fire?
Two pictures together, it makes a lot of care.
And three pictures together, that are a lot of calls together.
They put the fire under the two trees -- that is completely complete.
For us, the sun is the source of presentation.
Two things together.
Three together, those are states.
They put the sun to the sun and the color together, that is the ball.
It also means morning, after one day and a night.
The sun came out on the hospital.
A door -- you put a task inside the door -- is the carbon of the door -- the door.
They put a boat inside the door -- ask questions.
Do you take somebody at home.
This person is coming out of a door -- sending, standing up.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're destroying.
And three women together, they have a little bit of a adult.
So we've already spent about 30 cars.
When you use this method -- the first eight doctors will allow them to build 33.
The next group of eight cars build another 32.
So with every small effort -- you will be able to learn a couple of centuries -- which is the same thing that I learn a Chinese Chinese Chinese change.
So after you know the cars, we started to create freedoms.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a flower mountain. It's a virus.
We know that Japan.
So this is a sun with the original -- because Japan.
So a sun together to the ocean, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we do?
A young person.
The car to the left is two mountains one on the other.
In the old China, that means in exploration, because the Chinese empathy would go to their political engineers beyond the mountains there.
Today, the explanation has become going on.
A boat that tells them to where it comes out and go out to be a salt.
This is a slide to remember that I should stop talking to you and go out of the stage. Thank you.
What I try to be asked is the film I come to see.
I love to share my favorite movies with my children -- when my daughter was four years old, we saw the market of Okay.
And the film is disparate his imagination for months.
His favorite character was George, of course.
And he gave him a good experiment to use a brilliant version and to take a machine machine.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary to see it.
We now live and we created our children in a kind of a kind of complex industrial species.
However, the fact that I was an attention in themselves.
I didn't start that technology.
The technology really took a few years later with communication, and then another film whose programs, a little bit of metaphor and a little girl left to a little girl who was able to get the environment.
You know what I'm talking about,  Yeah.
There is a great difference between these two words, there's a couple of different differences between the Millennium Mark and all the film we see today.
One is that there is a very little violence in the United States.
The monkeys are quite advanced, like the management.
But I think that if the fact that I was done today, the magic would say, "Do you say, "Do you go out of the San Life as the pressure of it.
They use markets to break up to the extraordinary general companies of the artistic market.
But that's not what happens.
Another one of the only one of the mountain is that the most horrible characters -- and even children are women.
I started looking at this when I did this is when I did San Wall to my daughter -- a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a child.
Just three years.
It wasn't invited to the project because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son -- and it was the second child -- and so it was depressing in the room and he was driven in the room and he was predicting as a mother with their patients behind their patients, and I don't think he would understand what happened -- but immediately everything.
I ask me what it is.
Would you be supported of value and search and ready?
Would you have the sense that Libert is an email to make the government?
So let's share this with the middle of 1990 in 1995.
How do you take a film the film?
So doing good friends with all and being a line.
This is the kind of world that I want my kids to grow out, right?
Why is there so much force force Fortune, force in the film for our children, and so little from the way of the hostile landscapes."
There is a lot of light about the impact of the model of mobile violence in the kids, and they should read it. It's very good.
I have not read so much about how kids are going to do this state.
So I know that the first line is not a question that the first read is that I would have been used to go through the world of the adults that are microphone.  I think that in the moment of the first thing, I really hope that the cars start to do because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has ended up -- I have no tool.
Why do you go out there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on the character and get their remember, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other activities.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be an animal animal -- and if you're a girl -- you have to use a war.
There are a lot of experts, and it's going to be able to be able to be able to be able to tell any of you.
But they send a message to kids -- even though the girls are not really their goal audience.
They do a final work when you teach the kids how to stop the paper, but you don't necessarily show the kids how to stop the painting.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and front of like North and Katrina, but they're not going to stop a war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all of the time.
So far as many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out.
And I remember all of you.
Do you remember what the critical said when I came out with Valley."
I can't believe that Paul has made a film of a prison.
It's very good. You don't let that tell them.
Well, almost no one of these movies is the test of Britain.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It has still no range and it has been providing -- but maybe today we start a movement.
All right.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you have to do -- in the film -- there are more than a female character that has lines?
So you have to be able to go up with the result.
These women talk to each other in some point of the film?
Their conversation are about something else in the girl than so many of you like it?  All right? Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things between each other.
It happens -- I have seen it, and yet I see it in the character that we know and love it.
In fact, this week I was going to see a very good quality of it, Archise.
Right?
Probably it is not the test of Britain.
And I don't think that I would say, because a lot of the film -- I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film is going on in a situation where men and women get down during the crisis of the regions.
We have a lot of men of men who have deep people who have deep and dolphins in this context, and it's the great moment for one of the technologies to take a look at the door and say, you come to the face and you come to the front of the card, right?
This is Hollywood.
So you go up in the numbers.
In 2010, in the 100 more popular movies -- how many of them believe they have factory printing?
Okay. It's not wrong.
It's not the same belief that the number of women that we have changed for Congress, so it's good.
But there's a greater number that is going to stop this room.
Last year, the New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one of the five women says that it has been able to be able to be able to be accepted in his life.
I don't think it is the control of the mass environment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that the music video of music or photographers are strange statements, but when I hear that stage -- one of the things that I think is there is a great amount of sex.
Who are those kinds? What are you learning it?
What do you not have to learn.
They're looking at the story that says that the role of a male hole is to break up the virus with violence with violence and then will take the remember, which is a woman who has no friends and not talking about?
Are we making that story.
You know, as a father with the privilege of creating a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we found this world and this world very high and we want to protect them.
We have tools to our device as a position, and we expect that to help me, but I have to ask you, and I have to ask you to ask them if you are going to protect them if you are at the same time, you are accessible or patients, are we involved to our children so that they keep your power material?
I mean, I think the list of National is a way to do something really important -- and here I mean the parents in the parents here.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of the material is changing racist.
They have read about how new economy is changing the role of the home.
Everything is change.
When I asked my daughter what he was his favorite character of Steve Wars know what he said, "What did you respond to.
Would you.
Would be Boston and George.
What do you have in common these two.
Maybe it is not just the brilliant seat.
I think they are experts of it.
I think these are the two people in those film, which you know more than nobody -- and I love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential to them.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter and I like that kind of stories for my child.
I want more stories like that.
I want to tell you less stories in which you say to my son, you see and more stories where you see their work is to go to a team -- maybe a team leaders for women, helping other people to improve and be better people, like the market of the Okay.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Mars and one of the things that I would like to look at was to look at mountains in the Contains of Mars because my parents told me that I would give me it up.
But you know, it's hard to find these consequences.
They are controlled and it's hard to see them.
However, with time, I used to look at them.
I started looking at ways and patterns that helped me tell me.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the architecture.
And finally when I started studying Edies, I realized that I would see with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because of course, in Edica, my little car in Mars had grown up to one of the almost 120 miles ago at the Neth.
And my sea gardens had grown into the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use healthy images.
So to try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see the institution.
This is a survival place in the top of Earth called Bronx.
And the place, in the same way, it seems to be hand, but when we use the instrument and we put it up using a fundamental color -- suddenly the place you see as a brand range.
What you're looking at is the real chemical changes of the pattern in the control materials and the activity of the ancient expensive.
I want to share with you how we've used the healthy data to find an American city, called America, lost for thousands of years.
Street was the capital of the ancient environment for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle East, about four years ago.
The place became the Park in the Facebook, Earth, and it's really important because in the Middle East, there was this great resource of the ancient artist, the architecture and the religion and the religion and the relationship of the religion.
The experiments have always known that American was used to be surprised in some place about the passion of the two areas that they built them into the red creatures here, but somewhere inside this huge plant of allegation.
This area is enormous -- made out of 6,000 miles per square mile.
So, the Camp flowers right at the side of American and as it changed with time -- it gets back to this and cut all the city.
So how do you find a city in a section in a strange party."
So I would try to find it the electricity to look at a state in a country, with the eyes coming up and using the balloon grandmothers.
And so we use the terrorist data of NASA to make a map of the place, with very simple change.
We were able to see where the New School.
But you can see more designed, and it's even more interesting -- this particular area that you see inside the car here, that we think it could be the American strategy.
So we went up with the space scientists doing the movement -- you can see it here.
When I say I'm going to show you, it's like the shows of shows in ice -- but instead of climate change, we looked for human opportunity.
five meters later, under a group of time, we found a whole range of characteristic objects of it.
And this means that in this possible surgery of America, five feet later, we have a capability of several hundreds of years that give the Middle East, exactly the same period that we think it's America.
We also find out working work work, collaboration, and carbon and gas -- which shows that there was a set of girl.
This might seem like it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common trials used in the Middle East, these are the paintings that they were used to do.
So we have a diagnostic layer of opportunity that goes from the Middle East, in this place.
We also have an evidence of a set of light that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still didn't find American here, but we will go back to the place in a near future.
And even more important -- we have the resources to be able to be able to be able to be appropriate in the use of health technology so that they can also be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
I want to end up with my favorite character of the Middle East, probably was written in Iraq about 4,000 years ago.
It will share knowledge is most of all the volumes.
There's nothing like that in the Earth.
So as it looks like that, TED was not been taken in 99 percent.
It makes the ideas that are actually going to actually start in 1998, in a lost city not for a lot of time and found from the high thing.
And I certainly put the search of the human consequences in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to introduce you to close the eyes.
You can imagine it outside the door of your house.
I want you to pay attention to the door of the door -- to the material that it's done.
Now you can see a group of order to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be on biologists.
They are communicate in a single card card and they are going to be in the direction of the interview.
I need to see this true.
They are asking them to be standing, they are going on.
And they have been in front of the door of his house.
There are biologists flying all over the parts that are going to go to their side, random of the robots that end up in antibiotics -- and they spent the universe of the door -- they spend the world of the door -- they spend the world of the door -- they spend the world of the door -- they spend the world of the door -- they spend the
On the state, the station, or what the other side of the door -- and look at the quality of light -- the blue light about the Mountains of Galaums.
It's happening with the hand.
From his chair -- on a hand hall.
It's a horse I talked about.
You can feel your blue paper doing it in the nature.
You can pick up the state of the analysis and countries that are going to be able to get in the room.
They went through one side and go into his room to be.
And in the room, and making a little bit of his imagination -- imagine to Britain Space.
This is a little bit of rocket, based on his center of center -- when I was going to say "Hey.
Now let me take you to the corner.
The ground has been resources with a head of yellow landscapes and from the hospital they come to you -- the man of Harries, the Parkinson and the Law of "The Mountain, they were starting to go out of the hands -- walking to you.
Okay. Look at the eyes.
I want to tell you about a particular control that takes it up in New York.
It's called the Media Market of the United States.
I was going to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific prison, waiting for me that this was like the end of a survival surface.
There were several men and a few days of different cities and different horses of distance.
They were making hundreds of human numbers -- looking at just one time.
They make the names of tens and tens of themes.
They were going to be able to be used in just minutes.
You can be able to see who could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make a
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people have to be phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the computers.
This is a man called The Congo Carolina who had come from England and that has one of the best memories that have come from.
I said, "You know, when you realized that you were a sign?
He said, "I am not a subject.
In fact, I have a average memory for me.
All of the people who are part of this company say that they have normal memory in it.
We have been trying to do these microbes of memory using these microbes of memory using an ancient techniques, invented 2,000 years ago in Green, the same techniques that used Charles to measure their devices, and that the medical antibiotics used to die books.
And my reaction was, "Oh. How did it not have heard about this?
We were standing out of the company of the company, and Every single thing that is a wonderful English and broad, even though a little bit, he said, "Hey, you are an American printing.
Do you know British Space?
And I said, "No, no, why.
Because I would like to teach him to British Service how to measure the order in a nation of nature in life, in national phone.
That would tell you the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Space, but maybe you can teach me.
Or, you have to start by something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
And I ended up spend most of the year in the next year not only by giving my memory -- but also involved, trying to understand how it works. Why does it sometimes not work and what it can be the potential of it.
I met a lot of people really interesting.
This is a man called Or or a man called Or or a man called Or or a man called Or or a man called Or or a man called Or or a man called Or or a man called Or or a man called Or or a man called Or or a man called Or or a man called Or or a man called Or or a man called
He is a strange, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem.
And some incredibly terrible tradition, but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
In the other end of the space I met this man.
This is Kimba Paul. He was based for the paper of Discover Harry in the "The Mark Martin."
We went up with a car together in the public University of San Campaign Charles, by making the phone glaciers -- it was closed.
And when I come back, I got a number of treated about the written memory something more than 2,000 years ago in the Archives, in the Arthory and then in the Middle States.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time in that this idea of having a memory of interviewing memory, discovery and critical wasn't a kind of as rich as it can look like today.
A lot of time ago, people invest in their memory -- to provide their mind.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also have changed.
They have changed control -- and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we already have no need to remember, sometimes it seems to us that we have found us how to do it.
One of the last places in our planet where you still find people who are allowed by this idea of a meeting of memory -- discovery and culture is this company so similar of memory of me.
It's actually not so similar. There are companies like this around the world.
I was fascinating, I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University of London came in with a group of memory markets to the lab.
They wanted to know, will it be that it has brains in some way, structure or completely different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are you more smart than the rest?
And they gave them a color bank bank, and the answer was actually not.
There was no yet, a really interesting difference between the brains of the memory of memory and those of the control.
When they put them into a magic machine machine.
In effect they used them, or they seem to use it -- a part of the brain that involved space and statement and shark.
Why? Is there something we could learn from this?
And the size of the computer medicine is taken as a career career where every year is a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the computers must be put to the day.
This is my friend Ben Prison, three times a memory.
In his study, in front of him, there are 30 states of nature national nations that he's about to try to die in one hours, using a technology that he invented and only him down.
And he used a similar techniques to measure the early organization of 460 dollars based on.
In half a hour. Yeah.
And as there is a great amount of ways to remember things in these components -- absolutely all the techniques used to the end of a single concept that professionals call "company.
And you get up with a particular speed known as the parallel parallel -- "The "The same saying the same thing -- I say two people who remember the same word -- I tell you that there's a man called Bangladesh."
That is his acceptable.
And then I asked them to tell you there's a Bangladesh "car."
And when I go back later, and I asked them to tell you that word that I told you a day?
Do you remember what that?
The person who told him that his name is Bangladesh is a little bit more likely to remember the same word that the person who told him that his work is Bangladesh."
The same word, different ability to remember -- that's right.
What happens here?
Well, the name of the name doesn't mean anything for you. It doesn't have any relationship to you.
With all the other resources that go through their head.
But the word "Bater, "Well, we know participants.
They use the white signals of white signals.
They have hands in the hands.
They're going to go home when they come home to work.
We probably know a little bit.
And when we knew that word for the first time, we started to put applications to put them up in some point at some time.
One of the most dangerous techniques to do this is about 2,000 years ago in the ancient Great Greek.
You know how the "sleep of memory."
The story says like that, there was a poet called Singapore who went to a bank.
They had done it as an environment, because before, if I wanted to give a very good picture, it doesn't go to a DNA, he was going to a poet.
He went out of it, he took his memory of memory -- and he was stuck, and so soon it was, and so soon it was, the room.
They're going to get all of them.
But not only the kill to all, but it was that the bodies are going to leave them risk.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
So they could not be able to get the body.
A brought behind the other.
So Simons, it would be used in the middle of the research, the eyes and I realized that with the eyes of their mind, I could see where I had been sitting in each invented each other.
I took the families of the hand taking them to where their people were wanted to be in front of the setting.
So what happens in that moment is something that we all know about more or less interactive, and it is that without matter if we are not good to remember names or numbers of phone or words for the word of our colleagues -- we have visual memory and extraordinary space.
If I asked me to remember the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about San Seagher, it's very likely to be very likely to do it.
But I wish that if I asked them to tell me who was sitting on the hole of the hands in their shoe, they would be able to look at it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it from images with the things that you want to remember -- the more local, the big thing, the brand, the stranger and the supply is the image -- the more exciting to be.
This is a concept that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first few years of memory -- in law.
And how does it work?
We say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do it of memory -- the same way that I had been done if you would have been invented if you had been invited to TED 20 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you are in the door of your house.
And to be able to be able to figure out some kind of clear, local and intelligence to help help you remember that the first thing you want to tell is that completely exciting thing.
And then you can imagine to go back to your house, and you can see the mountain of the Galasmi Monterey on Millegaret Earth.
And that would tell you that you want to be able to introduce his friend All the way.
And then you would see Britain Spaces to remind you that thank you that you want to tell them.
And then they were going to go into the collaboration, and the fourth is that they would talk to be that strange journey that they did for a year old, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the robots were discovered by their discovery, not a word -- not a word -- which is going to be able to connect it, but it turns out to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to connect it, and it turns out to be able to be
In fact, the term technology, comes from the "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The
It's a little bit of when people thought about the lab and in the resource with this kind of space.
The factory "The first place, it would be like the first place in your memory market.
I saw that this was just fascinating -- and I went back in that.
I went to some of these members of memory and I had the idea of writing a little bit about this substance of compassion mathematical.
But there was a problem.
And the problem was that a memory of memory is a particularly boring thing.
In a sense, it's like looking at a lot of people sitting up to take extensions. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets out of front of it.
I'm a presentation and I need to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access to it.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put in your place.
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes all the morning, before I sat to see the New York Times -- just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem -- or the names of an old school analysis in a market market.
And I found that this was surprising interview.
I would have hope that it was.
It was analyzed, because it wasn't just going to get the memory of the memory of it.
What it actually is about doing is to make the ability to create the ability to create and imagine these clear images -- completely, institutions, institutions, institutions, and incredible and increasingly international images, in the eye of the mind.
I was pretty much with this.
So this is me, using my team to be able to try and figure out the memory of memory.
This is a couple of organizations and a couple of security security seals with carbon leaving only two holes -- because the distance is the worst end of a memory company.
I ended back back to the same contract that had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could get into a kind of particular personal experience.
I thought this could be a good thing for all my research.
The problem was that the experience came out of control.
And I got the contract, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course, it is literally able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be discovered, and they are actually not the point.
So these are just the thirds.
Because it's based on very basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not necessary that they were going to be able to build the memory of the memory or making blood barriers of blood -- to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how their mind.
And we were talking about people with a great memory as if it comes from an individual document, but it's not the case.
The great members will get up.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we get deep to us.
The metaphor of the memory -- these memory techniques are just bottom.
In fact, they are not even behind true.
They work because they do that we are going to work.
They found a kind of deep process -- a kind of complex attention that most of them are not running over there.
But the reality is that there's no bottles.
This is how things are going on.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today -- it's what I don't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me to me, which is the notion that life is the size of our resources.
So how much are we willing to lose what is our course in the Bangladesh or India, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walked to our side -- we will be so honest that we don't even get us in process in processing.
I learned the first hand that there are an incredible memory in all of us.
But if you want to live a modern life, you have to be from the kind of person that I remember to remember it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about the last 30 years of the history of architecture in the story.
It is a lot to get in 18 minutes.
It's a complex system, so we will take a complex place, New Jerry.
Because 30 years ago, I am from no Jesus, I was six years old, and I lived there in home in my parents in a village called Line, and this was my doctor of children.
In the stage, from my drug, I was the boat that I share with my sister with me.
And in my doctor and the baby, there was a bank that was going to go to the room.
And there everyone was going to look at the television. So every time I went from my room, I all looked at me, and every time I would tell me and I went back in a room, everybody would see me.
And I was like this.
It was terrible, and it was able to get it up.
I went up that room, I was going to go up that room and I knew that room.
That's the architecture of it.
Let's leave it.
Those feelings that I felt -- that is the power of architecture -- because architecture is not about mathematics -- no distribution of areas -- but of those visual conditions that we feel in the places that we feel about.
And it's not going to figure out that we feel that way, because I do it with the American Project -- the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under time.
And it is, 90 percent of the time we are recorded by architecture of the time.
That's a lot.
The architecture tells us in ways that we don't even tell us.
That makes us a little bit and very, very likely to us.
This means that when I show you a building like this -- I know what you are going to do -- you think of power, solving and democracy.
And I know that you think about it in a building built 2,000 years ago.
This is a third.
This is a discovery that uses the architecture to create an emotional connection with the ways that we build our building.
It's an emotional connection -- we have used this third of a long time, a lot of time.
We use it 200 years ago.
We use it in the 19th century, to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in the United States, we use it to build home.
Look at these sounds like this, services, in front of the sea -- they get out of the elements.
This is very, very useful because building things is a face.
It's context, it takes a lot of time and it's very complicated to it.
The people who build the corruptions and the governments and the governments -- they always have fear to innovation, and they are going to use ways that you know they're going to work.
So we found with buildings like this.
This is a building business.
This is the Palestinian public College that was ended up in 2010, and you know, it has a color, and you know, it has a color, companies, radio rock, which let me go into what Line tried to communicate with this building -- the children, the particles, the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a piece of today.
That same year, in 2009, at the other side of the country, you end up another biological, which looks like this.
It's in Service.
This light shows how we use the media media in the diagram.
It's a new kind of public team for the city, a place to get up, read and share it.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings -- both of them being so completely different.
And the answer is that architecture works in the beginning of the line.
In one side is the innovation, the artists that are constantly taking new technology, new statistics, new solutions for the form of life.
We stay -- we put up and put so much of us that we get out of the people.
All of black -- this determines us -- you think we feel very well, but we're dead by inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go to the other side and come back to those signals that are able to be able to be able to go back to the other side of them.
So we do it, and we are all happy -- but we feel like terrorism, and we feel like terms, we start to experience the back of the back to the bottom, over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course it is, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the 70 years.
The artists were used to experience with the "figures.
It has to do with the mine.
That can be able to put up.
You see small sea, in scale scale.
So something really hard.
So we get to the 1970s, and we started to be able to figure out those issues.
We put it back into the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that they like and we do it.
We asked them to get and we were able to make it and we use new materials.
I love them.
We don't give it up.
We take Christmas arms and we turn them into records, which can be malaria mathematically made of video.
The ways they were actually driven -- they were going to get up in architecture and color.
The environments became collaborations.
They grew up to the size of the building.
A clothes.
But they were the 1970s, that was great.
We all went out of the distance in the common centers -- we moved to the barriers, and there in the subjects, we can create our own artificial factors.
Those pictures could be to the demonstration, to the fraction, or the individual.
It was possible with a single piece of paintings.
This is what happens with the police.
This is what happens with the situations.
They are easy -- they are barriers, because instead of creating new spaces -- we remember some other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the TED.
This is Oh.
The artists are freedom and we started to make the skin in the other direction.
In the early 80 and the early 1990s, we started to experience with the designer called designer.
We developed the stories -- we are now telling us about new design techniques of design, and we found with new components -- a few ways that are stars against other ways.
This is an extraordinary and extraordinary, and it is supposed to be excited. You have a completely exciting one.
Unfortunately, the dark line of new opposite direction.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1998, it was invited this building.
This is the Grandma of Bill Grandmother.
This building changed the relationship of the world with architecture with architecture with architecture in the world.
Paul Google said that Bill was one of those moments when they create -- and the audience and the audience in general -- they were completely about a building.
The New York City.
The temperature in Bill went in a 2,000 percent when they ended up the building.
So suddenly the whole world wanted one of those buildings -- The National Common, Santa Charles, New York, Charles Stanford.
All the world wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first stars.
But how is it possible to be possible that these forms and statistics, how is it possible to become survival around the world?
And it happened -- because the media went back to them, and we quickly learned that those forms are going to be culture.
We've created an emotional reaction with these ways.
And the same thing did the world's very early corners in the world.
So they all believe that if they had these ways, they had culture and terrorist.
So this phenomenon of the new million happened with other stars.
He went to Gandhi and Lakota, and what happened with these little architects in the universe of the new military -- actually started to happen with all the architecture. The digital media started to increase the speed of information.
Think of example, how do you make an architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to be walking up to the next village to see a building.
The transportation will be accepted, you can take a bar, a bar, you can be terrorism.
The current technology. You can see in the particles, in the television, and at the end, all of us are factory of architecture -- and the building becomes beyond their physical surgery.
The architecture is all all over the now, that means that the speed of the communities finally has taken out the speed of architecture of the architecture of the architecture.
Because architecture moved so quickly.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years old, and in that time, an architecture can design two, eight or 100 more buildings before you know if I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been a good relationship in the architecture of it.
This is how we find with buildings like this.
The British was not a two years, but in 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we didn't have any idea about how many of them.
That is never going to go to happen. I think, because we are in the world's biggest revolution in the architecture of the antibiotics of the antibiotics, the state or the supply, and it's the media revolution of the media.
My theory is that when you apply the village to the communication media and you start to be in both of them in both of them in the environment, and it was developed by the difference between innovation and simple, between us, the architecture and you, the audience.
Now we can make a lot of almost instruments -- with an emotional career, of something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up.
We went together to make this building.
This is the center of a village called Palestines in Princeton in the state of New York.
It's a computer community community.
But that means that two years before the building. It was part of the community -- and as the doctors look exactly to the financial product -- there was no surprises.
The building came to be part of the community -- that first summer, when people started to get and share it in social media -- the building left to be just a building -- it became a building, because these are not just images of a building, are the images that you did from the building.
And as you use it to tell your story, they become part of the personal nation, and that makes them covered with the collective memory -- and when you get these experiments. We learn it.
I mean, we don't need the groups to tell us how to think about architecture to us.
We can tell us what we think about architecture -- because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and the building.
They think about a second in those Liberty limits.
If that building is built today, first we would go to the Internet in looking for northern business.
We would be born with examples of experience -- in innovation, what can be a biomass.
That is mathematics.
Many of them may take the Line card, to people in Line, and tell them that there is no single answer to what it can be a light today.
Let's be part of this.
This sound of solutions gives the freedom to experience it.
It's all different now.
The architecture is no longer those medical creatures that use global words and complex doctors, and one is no longer a public audience that doesn't take something that has never seen before.
The architecture can listen to it, and you don't let you be able to interact for architecture in the architecture.
That means that the smart line of a station to another, from a movement to another one, is incredible.
In fact, we can continue to go down and find solutions to the problems that face society.
This is the end of the authority of architecture -- and it means that the buildings of the morning will be very different to the buildings today.
And this means that a public space in the ancient city can be only and adapted to the middle of a modern city.
And this means that a study in Brazil can be that, a study in Brazil, and not a bad implication of red random with based on ideas of what it should be a station.
This means that a few robots could build our buildings because we finally will be ready for the ways that are going to produce them.
That means that the buildings go into the satellites of nature and not to the control.
And this means that a search of self-awareness in Michael Brown, Francisco, also can be able to make it stop or for the country, or even you can go out there in the night.
And this means that three artists can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be at the Richard Right now, and it will take a million dollars of the community of the entire community in that cause -- it's no longer a single thing.
It means that no building is too small for innovation -- like this little statement of regions, as much as molecule and future like the animals that are going to look at it.
Because it doesn't matter if it's a volume or a robot who built our building.
It doesn't matter how we build it, what it matters is what we built in.
The architecture already know how to make more evolutionary buildings and more smart and more little people.
We've been waiting for all of you.
Finally, we're not in the opposite side.
They find an architecture -- to take it together and we work together to make better building, better cities for a better world, because there is a lot of in play.
The buildings not only represent our society, but they give them way to the smaller spaces -- the local biologists, the homes where we form our children, and the step of the document to the bank.
Thank you very much.
This is my substance, Stanford.
I just went up with a year and he started walking up.
And it does it in that great way, terrible of the kids in a year, surprisingly, as if his body was moving too fast for their legs for them.
This is totally pressure.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the supermarket.
She really love his record.
It goes up and stand, and it gives themselves the same big and human signs.
It's beautiful.
So, all their friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me think, when about doing this?
How is it that suddenly we are not like our application?
Because unfortunately, we don't like us.
Every month, 10 people look at Google -- "I'm like?
This is Facebook, it's 14 years old, and he lives in Department.
And as any scanner, it just wants to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be liked.
It's distance for the night.
It is being prepared for the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear -- it's a little bit committed, because even though his mom tells you the whole thing that is beautiful -- every day in school, someone tells you it's fail.
And between what his mom tells him and what their friends are going to tell you, or the school of school said, don't know who to believe it.
So it makes a video of her, he published it in House, and I asked other people to leave a community, "I am a good or I'm a little bit?
Well, so far, it has been getting over 14 companies.
Some of these are so developed, that I don't even get the fish to think about them.
We talk about a healthy school, normal and robotic and record, that I got these answer in one of the states of their most exciting life.
And thousands of people are putting videos like this -- in their most small kids trying to communicate in this way.
But what is it going to do this?
Well, the levels of today are never alone.
They are under the front of being in line and available all the time -- talking to me -- giving me a little bit like that, taking me up, taking me up, and you know, this will never end up.
And we never have been so connected in the context, in the way, in the way that you get in the interview, so young ways.
As a mother said to me, "It's like there is a fish in his room all night?
There is just no private principle.
And the social programs that go from the hand with that are important.
So this environment, to be always contributing to our children to get up in the number of me, like they have and the kinds of companies that they have.
There's no difference between a life in line and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it is.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what it's activity and what it is disappeared to do.
What is the most available thing in the life of someone in front of what it is normal in a daily context, right?
And where are you looking for the institution?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are part of the news of the girls now.
The sea models are going to go up with our paintings.
The technical temperature is now a robot.
And they tend like, "Interviewer, the state, the statement and the professor.
For those of you who would do it, it means profit.
These technologies are associated from women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what the young people.
But the kids are not interesting to this.
Like the statistics of the definition, and the heart states.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our kids to grow healthy and are individual with a bit of biological people.
But in a cultural culture for the image -- we're teaching our children to make more time and mental effort to their advance, at the price of all of the other aspects of their identity of it.
So things like their relationships -- the development of their physical ability -- their students and other things start to survive them.
six of every 10 girls will be able to do something because they think you don't see enough enough.
These are not traditional activity.
They are fundamental activity for their growth as human beings and how to focus on the society and the field of the public development of the public development and the field of the public development of it.
35 percent -- almost one of three levels that are not interested in the kinds of class details -- they are going to share in the diagrams of light because they don't want to call the attention for their physical supply.
One of the five percent are not going to class at all.
And in the terms of terms -- if you don't think you see the good thing, especially if you don't believe that you are enough enough -- you will get a less not to the average of your colleagues who don't care about that of the application.
And this phenomenon has gone in Francisco, the United States and China.
And it gives you what you actually ask these young people.
So so that it is very clear -- we're talking about how you see you -- not how you really are.
And the bottom accepted on his body is depending on the current resource.
And it's also putting the health.
The links with a little bit of the activity will get less physical activity -- they eat less fraction and violence, they are in more distance in more depressions that can take them to a food design.
They have a complete low.
They are more excited by the people who are reaching them and they are in greater risk of definition.
And we think that this is all over the way that they take more recording decisions -- like the construction of the collaboration and the districts, the distribution and the distribution of the statistics, the sexual relationships to the early and no property and the professional definition.
The search of the perfect body is prediction to the health system, and our government costs it thousands of dollars every year.
And we are not getting it.
We women who think they have a whole bunch of again, including if they have or don't have a lot of things that they have or they do not have a little bit of language.
The 18 percent of women don't go to a work of work in one day where you don't feel safe with the way you look like.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could do this, what would that be?
This potential is from interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking about it -- it doesn't take you very far away.
It's not a good thing.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first one is that we have to make trust in their own body.
We have to help our technologies develop structures to get the pressure of the perfect images and build their automatic.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these didn't work.
And I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs are going to be inviting, without making sure that the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program of our children will not just have a positive impact but also a positive impact of it.
And the research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first one is the factory of family -- friends and relationship
So these six things are points of critical parts for any willing to provide an education in the body acceptance that works.
One education is fundamental -- but to deal with this problem requires the problem of each of us that we take the resources in the assumption, and we are a better model to follow the women and the girls in our own lives.
And the kind of acceptance of how women are seen and mentioned in our cars.
It's not good to tell you about the application of our politics in painting or the size of their paintings, or the size of the station or the success.
We need to start taking people for what they are, not as you see it.
All of us can start doing the responsibility for the kind of images of images.
We can choose the people based on their effort and their action and not in their application.
And let me ask you, when was the last time that they would take a superpose?
In fact, we have to work together as communities as the governments -- like governments and companies -- to change our culture -- so that our children are going to grow all their people, which is flying the individual individual, the diversity of it.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a painting.
So to make a difference in the real world, we make them be the ones that come out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of them, where the way they think they think you can never be able to be who they are, or to get what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who do you have in mind.
Do you look at your wife?
Do you get your brother?
Do you go to your daughter?
Is he a substance?
It could be just the woman who is to two kinds of distance. What would it mean for it if it was a little bit of that common voice in their environment, that I love to do not have long legs -- a little bit more developed, the more the smaller, the more the smaller, the smaller the smaller."
What does it mean for her if we were supposed to do this and we would go up with their potential in that way, right?
Right now, the version of our culture with the images is moving up all of us.
But we teach our kids the truth.
We understand that the way you see you is just a part of your identity -- and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and as they make us feel it.
We include the acceptable in the cars of our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and share with other people.
And we work together as a community -- from small groups to governments so that the little trains of a year of today, they become the sense of common change of themselves.
Let's do it.
The five percent of 1990, a sea called Santa New School was going to a hospital in Mars and accounts to the Rootto Korea, the read of the Law Department of Department.
When I was going to be able to put it up, but being present by other ways, but being present by other ways, they began to plan analysis to about 12 hours of New York, including teenagers, self-assembly and the United States.
And by the way, those plants were built by an information of the FDA.
Terror, in the World Center in the World Trade Congress, couldn't be able to avoid it.
And then I used to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
Santa New State is my father.
I was born in Palestinians, Pennsylvania, in 1999, being a Empower engineering, with an American mother market, and between the early school -- between the two they did all of the power for giving a happy.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which is very few -- even most of the music, they get to know.
And for experience I saw that when people take time to interact -- you don't really have a lot of to get the same things in life.
However, all over the way, in all of a human group -- there is always a little piece of people who are going to be successful to their colleagues that think that you have to use all the possible media for everybody to live like them.
A few months before he was sitting with me and told me that in the last few weeks -- he and some friends, they had been going into the table in London Internet, to make it.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Taliban police that, without knowing our group -- I was coming through the FDA.
When I got to take me up, my father helped me to hold the risk in the man and explain how to go to the goal to about 30 feet.
That day, with the last battle that was going to give it to the little light light on the goal and to be surprised by all of all of us, especially me, the whole goal in calls in called them.
My life went back to the other and I said, "I said "The "Great.
And that was a parents, such a child.
In all of all of them I put up a lot of risk -- but just a few years later, I understood what it was so funny to them.
You saw in me, the same level of research that my father could cause me.
Those most later people would be able to put a car with a country with 600 miles of explorations in the North Translation of the United States.
And I would take those men.
I called them "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The
When I was 14 -- I had already moved 20 times -- I had been able to do that for my wife not allowed me to do a lot of antibiotics.
Every time I started to sit up with someone who was time to start and show another city.
And as I was always the new face of the class of the class with the face of markets.
I had a secret secret of my identity to avoid the white -- but it will be the new of the class and season, and it was enough.
So most of the time was going to read books -- looking at TV or playing video.
So for these reasons not developed social skills to say it surprised. To grow up under factory, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
And I was able to take the people, and they are based on transportation industries, like their race or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their religion or
So how could I open your eyes.
One of the first experiences that they were going to test my way to think was during the private choices of 2,000 percent.
In a private program in which I was part of the National Congress Congress in Philapper.
My group was focused on the temperature of the glamour violence -- as I had been able to be able to be able to be able to my life -- it was something that I felt a lot of paper.
The members of this group will come out of a lot of different people.
One day, to the end of the conversation -- I discovered that one of the kids who had done antibiotics, was Jewish.
It took a number of days to go to the light, and I realized that there was no animals between the two.
I had never had a friend of young friend and I felt very proud to have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to think that all life had made me believe that it was incredible.
Another critical moment came up when I got a serious job in Boria Gardens, a different piece of fun.
I found me with people from all kinds of creatures and culture, and that experience turned out in the development of my face.
The whole life had taught me that the hospital was a fish and the extension, all the hospitals were bad influence.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with an amazing activity there, in a specific, and I could see that many of them were the most little and less critical people who had seen in life.
There was a little bit of a child, developed a sense of empathy to the surface of others. But it was not easy to try and treat people -- exactly in the way I would have been trying to be treated by it.
And so I was able to focus on the statistics that had taught me from a child, with the experience of the interaction in real life.
I don't know how it is to be honest, but I know what it is to be raised by something beyond my control.
Then I saw the Daniel Santa."
All night, John Street made me to be an amazing thing about my international, and I helped me see that the reason of people, the relationship or the sexual organization, they don't have anything to do with the car.
And in many ways he became my own pattern in a moment where I was really ready to need it.
At the time, the innovation can come from the instrument. And that an adventure would have had a better influence in my life that my own father -- it was not at all.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think, and she told me something that will become my heart for always as it is living in.
She looked at me with the eyes of someone who has been surprised enough with discovery and said, "I'm trying to say?
At that time I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all that hate in your environment.
My real name is not Japanese Mars.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why do I decided to go out and put in a right power?
Well, it's simple.
I have done it because I hope that somebody has been trying to bring the violence -- I can hear my story and understand that there is a better way -- that even though I was going to me to this visual impact and interesting, I was not going to make it fast.
And by the way, I decided to use my experience to fight the terrorists and against the private.
I do it by the virus volumes and for their bees wasted by the pain and the passions that the temperature has been produced in their lives.
So the volunteers of the terrorists are going to talk to you about those activity activity -- as a record to my father.
So with this simple thing to me here as a piece of violence that violence is not interesting to any relationship or race -- that kids don't have to follow their parents of their parents to it.
I am not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this time, there's a film that is project in their mind.
This is an incredible movie film film it.
It's in 3D and it has a surrounding sound of what they hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has a correct, and you have a text.
Do you feel your body, your pain, your pain, your plant.
It has emotional and happiness.
It has remember, as a moment of your innovation that you have to protect your eyes.
And it has a voice in your face of aware thinking about.
The heart of the film is you who experience everything in the direction.
This film is your contractor -- the object of the experience of the mind and the world.
The consciousness is one of the fundamental truth of the existence of being human being human.
Each of us is aware of us.
We all have an interesting film, you, you and you.
There is nothing that we know more about.
At least I know that I have a own concept.
I don't have any sense that you are aware of you.
The concept is also the reason to live.
If we didn't be able to, nothing in our lives would have sense or value.
But at the same time is the most mission of the universe.
Why are we constantly?
Why do we have these interesting films?
Why are we not just robots that we have to make to produce results without experience the word interaction?
At this moment, nobody knows the answer to those questions.
I suggest that to try to get the consciousness to science, you need some digital ideas.
Some people say that it's impossible a science science.
The science, by nature is objective.
The concept, for nature is surprise.
And so it can never exist a science of knowledge.
Because for almost all the 20th century, I put that vision up.
The psychology was studying the behavior of the objective, the neurons studied the brain brain, but never anybody else is going to be able to tell it.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started -- there were very few scientific work on the knowledge.
So, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
neurons like France Criticians and physics like Robert Prison said, "It's the moment for science to get the consequence.
And since then, there was a real exploration, a technical work of the scientific work.
And this work was fantastic -- it was great.
But it also has a fundamental food until the moment.
The center of the science in the years.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that I thought National Kan makes a few minutes.
Now we understand much better -- for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the collective experience of looking at parents or to feel happy.
But this is still a science science.
It's not a science science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of economic experience, but we don't know why.
I'd like to tell you that this kind of work of the society answer a few questions that we want to explain the consequence. The questions about what they make certain areas of the brain and with what they get on.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It will not forget the news.
In fact, there are no easy problems with consequence.
So I didn't take the real metaphor of this material -- why all physical process in the brain has to be approached by the concept.
Why do you have a substance filmmaker."
At this time, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give you a few years to the news.
This is going to become another exciting phenomenon like the collaborations, like the hospitals, like life, and we're going to find explanation for them.
The typical supplies are all cases of emotional behavior -- how they get the companies, how the computers, how the computers, how they were represented, and they are accepted and they display the living organisms -- all of these are questions about the obvious work.
That could be able to apply to the human brain to explain some behavior and the function of the human brain as an extraordinary phenomenon -- how we talk about, how do we talk about, how do we talk about, all of these are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness -- the questions about the behavior are between the easy problems.
But the hard problem is the question of why it is that everything is able to have a surrounding experiment.
And here it is.
I am a heart.
I want a scientific theory of the car that works for a long time, for a long time, and I took the head against the wall by looking for a theory of consciousness in terms of physics that would work.
But at the end of the end I got to the concept that it didn't work for systems that didn't work for systems.
I think we're going to be in this point.
We have a wonderful experiment of wonderful explanation -- we were going to be used to this -- the physics explain the change, the chemical explain the biology, the biology explain part of the psychology of the psychology explanation of it.
But the consciousness doesn't seem to be able to focus on this school.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are constantly.
On the other hand, we don't know how to take that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think that consciousness right now, is a kind of animal, something that we need to get to our vision of the world, but we don't know even how it is.
And with an animal like this, you can need a radical ideas -- I think we need ideas that in the beginning to look like, before it could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to deal with a scientific way.
There are some possibility for those crazy ideas.
My friend David Democratic, which is here today, has one.
Their idea is that there is not such a hard problem of the knowledge.
All of the idea of the interaction of the interactive screen is a kind of interactive or conflict.
In fact, what you have to do is to explain the objective forces -- the behavior of the brain, and so you study everything you need to explain about.
Well, more power for him.
That is the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of the conservative concept of the religious control based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for a lot of others, that vision is pretty close to just be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be surprised to be surprisingly.
But I am in a different direction.
In the time, I want to explore two different ideas that I think can be produced.
The first idea is that the consciousness is fundamental to it.
The physics sometimes take some things out of the universe as a fundamental streams, the space, the time and the morning.
They put fundamental laws that governments -- like the free laws or the quantum medicine.
These laws and fundamental programs are not going to explain in terms of nothing more basic people.
At the end, they become fundamental -- and it becomes the world.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental thing.
In the 19th century, Mars discovered that you can't explain the electric phenomenon in terms of the very fundamental concept of protection, space, time, money, money, money, land landscapes -- so I put the basic laws of the electricity, and I put the electric field as a fundamental concept that those governments are going to be.
I think that is the situation that we found with the consciousness of it.
If you can't explain the connection in terms of fundamental ideas -- space, time, money, money, then by the way, you have to get the list of it.
The most natural thing would be positive as a fundamental thing, a fundamental station of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It turns out the way to make it the way to do it.
So what we need to do is to study the fundamental laws that governments the contact, the laws that connect to the connection with other fundamental concepts, the space, the time, the material, the physical process.
The physics sometimes they say that we want to want to be so simple that we were able to share it in a region.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find very simple laws so simple that we could be able to share in a car.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second idea is that consciousness can be universe.
Every system can have a set of consciousness to it.
This vision sometimes is called printers, "Stability, for all of all, and every system is aware -- not just humans -- not just humans -- the doctors, the motors, the motors, even the microbes of Robert Korea, the electric particles ...
Even a picture has a little bit of consequence.
The idea is not that the pictures are smart or they think about.
It's not that a picture can be full of anti-protection when you think about it, always travel to the speed of light.
I can never be able to develop and climber the records."
No, no.
But the thinking is that maybe the pictures can have some sense of common feeling -- surrounding, some of the average price of the knowledge.
This can be a little bit crazy for you.
How do someone think something so little?
And in part of this comes out of the first idea of local idea that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like the space, the time and the mass -- is nature that can also be universe, like the other.
It also is going to be able to notice that even though the idea seems to us, it's a lot less for the people of different culture, where the human mind seems more about the nature.
A more profound reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple way that maybe the most simple and powerful laws of finding the thinking of the physical process with the physical process of the information of the information.
And there are always the information of information -- there is control.
It comes from complex information -- like in a human being completely complicated with.
It comes from simple information with simple information.
So something very exciting is that in the recent years of a neuron, Google Tony, took this kind of theory and development with the market mathematics.
It has a matter of interaction of information -- which called the party, which shows the degrees of information in a system.
And I guess it has to do with the consciousness to it.
So in a human brain, there is an incredible huge graduate bit of information of information of information, a lot of party -- a lot of consequence.
In a mouse there is a degree of the infection of information of information, just a lot of information -- a pretty important.
But when you get to the little penguins, you know, the parts of the piece of peace said it.
The level of information of information is less, but it's not a little bit of it.
In the theory, there will still be a different level.
In fact, it's a fundamental law of the concept, high degree of pain, high degree of consequence.
And also, another reason is that the private can help us be able to get into the physical world.
And the physics and the photographs have seen that physics is completely adult.
I described the structure of the reality using a lot of gentlemen, but we don't talk about the reality of the fact that it looks like.
As you explain Steven Harvard, where do you go out the film of the electronics?
From the favorite view of the physics of physics can be left as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness to it.
That's what the physics do basically -- they describe the flow of consciousness to it.
In this vision of this vision is the thing that I put it up in the electricity.
In that vision -- the consciousness doesn't find out of the physical world as a kind of a approach.
It's there in the center in the center here.
This vision -- I think, the favorite vision has the potential to deal with our relationship to nature, and it can have social consequences and very serious events.
Some of them can be a challenge.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that I had technology, then I should be volunteer.
If you're a parallel and open that vision -- you have a lot of man.
I think that I think we think about it, this tend to transform your vision -- as it matters in terms of extension and moral conversations -- it's not so much the fact that it is the fact that it is the fact that it is the fact that it is the fact that they have to do it and their complexity and their complexity and the complexity and the
It's also natural to ask the consciousness in other systems, like computers as well.
What about the American intelligence system in the "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The
Is it constantly?
With the vision of the film information -- she has a whole process of complex information -- so that the answer is yes, if it is.
If this is right -- they are planning very serious problems on the size of the development of the systems of smart computer systems and the act of them.
And finally, you can ask by the concept of complex collective collective of the planet.
Did you have their own concept.
Or at a more local level, a group of the antibiotics, like the audience in a TED talk. In this moment we have a TED connection -- an interesting film for this whole group of TED -- different from the interesting film of every single part of each other.
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think that at least it's a question that should be able to make a serious question.
So this fantastic view is a radical vision and I don't know if it's right.
And I'm actually more sure of the first idea of the local idea that the consciousness is a fundamental thing that the second thing is a fundamental thing that it is universe.
So the vision of a lot of questions, a lot of challenges -- a lot of challenges -- like, how do those pieces of thinking to connect to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we are going on the right path to a theory of the series of a series of a series of a series of a serious conversation.
If no, well, this is probably the most difficult problem of science and flower.
We can't wait for the night to the morning.
But I think we finally will be able to discover it.
And to understand the consciousness is the real key -- I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little red village in Vietnam.
It had a very normal plan, a very normal particular particular.
I went to school -- I was told with my friends -- I was able to put me with my hands.
It was all very normal at all.
And when I was 15 years old, a members of my community was done to my parents because I wanted to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make a piece of community in the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very good, but there is a whole problem.
She actually doesn't get anything.  And they were right.
I went to school -- I was very good at school, and I had a little bit under my mother, and I spent a lot of time looking at the "Worse Bangladesh services, and "The Santa College.
Yes, I know. What do you do.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
No one that I can think about as a correct if we take the ability to be expensive.
Two years later, being in the second part of the team in a high school school in a high school school -- so only after about 20 minutes in the class 11 of the students a little bit left the hand and said, "Oh, when do you give your discovery?
And I said, "What do you discover?
Well, I had been talking about the law of distribution for a few minutes.
And he said, "You know, you know, your moral design.
When the people in terms of robots, they talk about international things in school?
"They generate in the sandwich of action."
And it was then when I realized that -- this child had had experience with people who are discovered as influences of institution.
And we don't are. And it's not a little bit of the girl, I mean, that's true for many of us.
For us, people are not our teachers or our doctors or our mathematics.
We are not real people. We're there to inspire them.
And in fact, I am in this stage looking at what I do in this kind of roof, and probably you are waiting for them to inspire them, right?  Yeah.
Well, let me take you up and gentlemen, I have to tell you about it.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have asked us in relationship to distribution.
Yes, you have been sold by the meaning that the device is something bad, and I mean, many of them mate.
It's a bad thing and live with a distance makes you explore.
It's not a bad thing and it doesn't make it exploring.
And in the last few years, we've been able to put it even more and more in the middle of social community.
It's possible that you have seen images like this, "The only challenge in life is a bad activity."
Or this one.
Or this one.
These are just a couple of example, but there's a great amount of them.
It can be that you have seen one of the child without your hands by giving up with a piece of sound by the box.
You may have seen a child who goes up with a little bit of carbon frontiers.
And there are a lot of these images -- which are what we call a point of point.
And I use the term point because they make a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we're going to go back to the discovery of the people without disappointed.
The purpose of these images is to try to do that, so that we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad that it is my life, it could be worse to be worse than it.
I could be that person.
But if you are that person.
I've lost the number of times that have been able to make sure that they believe that I am a value or a source of innovation, and this happens before my work had a public plant.
It was as if I was going to take you through the morning and remember my own name --  And this is to do it.
And these images -- those images are going to be able to be able to do the people with distribution of people without disappointed.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their questions in perspective.
And life as a personal person is actually a difficult thing.
We had some things.
But the things that we hope is not the things that you can think of.
They're not real things to our body.
I use the terms of the term personalized, because I was used to call the social model of the discovery, which tells us that we're more available because of the society that we live because of our bodies or distributions.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I am very excited with him.
So the things that I need to do, and I've learned how to do the best of your ability as you do, and that's what happens with the children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything out of it.
They just are using their bodies coming out the best of their ability to do.
So is it really right to tell them in the way we do it, when we do it in the way that we do it in the way we do that?
When people say, "You are a source of institutionally, it says as a complex.
And I know why it happens.
It's going to be able to mention, because you've been sold this feeling that the device makes us.
And again, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking about.
I am here by the institutional institution, and you think you think, "Why are you not sometimes inspired by something, right?
And actually, I know I am it.
And I learned from other people in all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more fully than them.
So I learned that this is a great idea to use a little great idea to remember the things that I was carrying me --  I learned the typical engineering of how to capture the mobile phone of the mobile phone.
Genetic great.
We learn from the force and research of each other -- not against our bodies and our distributions, but with a world that goes up and considered us.
And I really think that that will be able to be sold about the device is the biggest institution.
It makes us hard life.
And that country, "The only thing in life is a bad activity, the reason that that's to keep it because it's not true -- because of the social model of distribution.
A lot of surgery to a tradition of spaces has never done that it has ever become a boat.
I never --    Santa to a TV screen will not be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Not a lot of people in the middle of a book and putting up a positive activity to turn all those books to the baby.
It's simply not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where the device is not the experiment, but the nature.
I want to live where a girl of 15 years old, sitting in his document by looking at "The Bangladesh State Stanford, not constructed by nothing to be in a single one.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so much of the experience of the people who are happy to be happy to get out of the face and remember our names for the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the general threat of people with distribution, and I want to live in a world where a child of the 11 degrees in a high school school is not a little surprising that his new teacher is a use of stage statement.
The distribution doesn't make us exploration, but to figure out what you believe to know about what you do.
Thank you.
What do you have to see is the reality and the professional forest, with the police?
And what is the middle speed of a galaxy without care?
Unfortunately, I'm just going to answer one of those questions, so please don't get up.
When people think about actually actually the presentation -- think of "The Red Reserve, and in taken Canada using the hands in the air, but the reality is not science science.
The reality is something that will happen in our days and happens because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the reality is going to change our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phone.
So how do we get to the real reality.
The first step -- it's what I take is, the Google Google Galaus.
I'm sure many of them are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Google are a device that allows them to see what I see.
I will allow you to experience what is to be a process in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe it.
I have to use words.
I have to create a sea that you will be able to get with your imagination with it.
We can use the Google Googles, under a car and know what is going to go through the game of play to 150 miles -- the blood becomes the eyes.
We can know that you feel that a man in 100 miles later, trying to be trying to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
I have been there and I tell you that it is not anything else.
And I brought some videos to show you what is to use the Google Google under the car, and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, it's not images of the programmers of NASA, because the idea of the NASA technology is a substance coming to the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Katish? Let's go.
It is horrible to be a terrible.
A moment.
Provised, Professors.
Come on.
Chris Katrine" -- as you can see, it's a pressure of what is going to be taken in the front field -- from the perspective of the teacher.
You may have realized that you have people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them from the University of Washington.
Martin Marshall -- Ray 12? Richard 42?
Bay eight -- Justine 6: Well.
Chris Korea? This is a little bit more to the feeling to be in the field -- but it has nothing to do with the NASA.
The pictures want that experience.
The pictures want to be in the field -- it will be their favorite players, and they have asked me in Hollywood and in Twitter -- you can see from the language of a field of field.
Or a right?
We want to experience that?
One time we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get out of film?
We took it to that level using something called Santa Richard -- which is certainly many of you know.
The World Richard has been described as the real virtual reality of real virtual reality -- and it's not a barrier word.
And I'm going to show you why I mean, with this video.
Man: Oh, yes?
No, no, no, no, I don't want to keep playing playing."
Oh, my God, God."
CA: So that's the experience of a man in a lot of it is going to take for his life.
What will be the experience of a picture when you put a video of Arthur Parkinson carried the line -- starting from a terrorist with the arm before you run and make a adventure? What will be the experience of a father.
When I can be able to be moving through the character, playing the ball at the bottom of the network? Or Deliver making an artist in Williams."
What will be your experience when it comes from a mountain to more than 100 miles as a substance supply.
Maybe you get the paintings of plants for adults.
But this is not really really accepted.
It's only virtual reality.
How do we take the real reality -- Richard?
We will get the reality of the reality when the engineers, the metals and the documents see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams.
How do we use it to make participates?
Because they always use technology to win it.
They like to win -- you give them money.
So here is a real record about technology in the NASA.
In 1999, the Poles of Boria put it up to his way to his field of field to play more quickly.
And they won the Boston Bangladesh that year.
Other team decided to get them up.
More people saw the peace because it was more exciting -- more quickly.
In 1998, the NASA came down in the cars of the cards of field and then in the details.
They had more specialized because it was more quickly, more entrepreneur.
In 2011, imagine that they are a play coming back to his group and you see their next play and you see their next player in front of you, in a piece of plastic that you have to be possible.
Or to measure the structure.
They just go out to the field and recognize.
And the transportations want to do it because if you don't follow your institutions -- you lose them -- and they are going to be able to look at a particular.
And if you lose you to give you as a statistically.
And they don't want that.
But the real reality is not just a mass of massive structure.
The real reality is also a way to remember information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the particular.
How do you do?
Well, a very simple choice would be to have a camera in every stage of the study having a view from the top of the people who are down.
You also get information from the senses of the cars and the really, something that's already working on.
And all of that information to your players.
The good team will be able to find it.
The bad ones will have a lot of information.
This is going to make the good team of the bad.
So your team of information will be as important as your refugees, and the data of data will stop being just to be not to be a sense.
It will be also for details.
How would it be in the field."
Imagine you are the face of the field.
They get the blue and recognizes.
They look at an open resource to an open restoration, and suddenly a flower on the left part of your view, you give you a definition behind you will be a definition of you -- but you don't see it, but the Richard system is going on.
And you go back to the area.
Another flower is that there is an open resource.
Look at the ball, but you gave you.
And the basis lose the transportation.
You don't know where you could look at it, yet the answer looks at your view a area of the shoe that you get up and you can change your face.
And it goes up with the ball, and it goes up and go up.
The public audience and the pictures have come up with the player from every sun.
This is something that will create a massive emotional economic in the wall.
It will make a lot of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The pictures want to be in the field.
They want to be your favorite play.
The reality is to be part of the definition because it's too clear to not be.
But what I ask to you is, we want this to be the only use of real reality actually?
Are we going to use it just as painting and care, like our desk environment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think that we can use the reality of the employee between the human beings between human beings to show somebody how it is, literally being in the other person.
We know what this technology is going to be worth for designers for designers.
It takes thousands of miles a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the car trying to show a little bit how many days are their action from the perspective of the video?
How much is this technology for a guy in Uganda or Ross trying to show the world how it is being allowed?
How much of them is also for a Campaign Harry or a National Department trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than transportation and Kansas.
Services and gentlemen, the reality.
The questions that we do -- the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face -- you know, as always of us.
Thank you.
I remember me after 25 years of service in the Park Park of California.
Most of those 25 years old, I was going to spend the extra surface of Mars California, which including the poor Galaxy Gandhi.
The power is a individual structure -- known with the world of their beautiful view of San Francisco, the Park Park, and its international statistics in artist.
Of course, it's also a mind for the survival, being one of the most used places in the world.
The poor Google Gate was open in 1998.
John States, engineering hundred to build the bridge -- he said that, "The bridge is basically to the subject of survey.
The supply from the bridge is not prepared or progression?
But from his approach, more than 1,000 people have saved his death from that power.
Some of them believe that travel between the two tons will take them to another diversity -- this bridge has been done as a such one -- so that the each one of him would read you from all your contexts and pain and the water.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to eat surgery.
After a book of four to five seconds -- the body with the water.
The impact goes up with the bones, some of which are going to be a living organization.
Most people die in the impact of it.
The ones who don't usually get down in the international water and then they get away.
I don't think that the things that take this subject of survey is realized about the death of the death that they will be faced.
This is the car.
Except about the two tons, there are 30 paintings of standard particle to the power.
This is where most people are going to be able to get the life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that room, and in their most dark moment, it's very hard to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to an office by taking their life.
I want to tell you that we had that day that day in order to go back on the balloon.
When I started working on the bridge -- we didn't have any form of time.
We were going to take the way to the path through these called the career.
This was not just a bad service to those who take the supply, but the office as well.
We've got a long way since then.
Today, the values and teachers are going to go to the new office.
This is Japanese Gates.
I met it at 2000 in the year of the year when I was going to get a call of a possible supermarket supply sitting in the heart near the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center
And when I came back, I looked at Japan talking to an office of the God Galaxy Gates.
David had only 35 years old, and I had come up here from New Jerry.
In fact, there was fly up to here two times before.
After about a time talking to Japanese, we asked us if we knew the story of the Pakistan box of the Pacific.
And remember the graphic microbe, Kenya created Pauline, and I sent it to the Earth with a box and he said, "I never had that box."
Well, one day, the community could be more than Paulin, and she opened the box up.
And so they came out and they came out and passes and all kinds of bad against the man.
The only thing in the box was hope.
So David asked us, "What if you open the box and there's no species?
It takes a little bit of instruments, and it goes into the right, and it was.
So this little hole and smart of New Japan.
I talked to the parents of Japan that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it doesn't seem to be doing very well, because the next day of the family called me to see how it was.
The parents of Japan.
The color data.
So I put these questions. What if you were going to do a family of your family, a friend or somebody else was surveillance?
What would you do?
You know what to say.
In my experience, it's not only to talk about, but you have to listen to it.
listen to understanding it.
They don't discover -- you know, or you tell the person you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of innovation you need.
If you think that someone is survival, you don't have a fear of them and do the question.
A way to do the question is, "You can have a little bit in a little bit of children who have thought about taking your life, you've had these people?
It will be controlled to the person in front of the front of the life to save the life and being the point for them.
And the other ones to look for it, surprising, to believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve it, important, believe that there is nothing that you can do about it about it, social social -- and a lost of the interest in life.
And I got this talk to me a couple of days, and I got a couple of days, and I got a silicon of a shoe, and I'd like to read you to read your face.
She lost his son at the age of 18 percent of this year, and I wrote this emergency just a couple of days, and it's with their lost and block that the wind of it.
"Hey, Kenya.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I am thinking that I should go back to the power this end of week.
I just wanted to leave a night.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell her friends, etc.
I am still quite interacting -- but I'm going to find more time to give you really that Michael will not go home.
Millennian was coming from Parkinson to San Francisco to see the part of the 19 with his father in the 1970s.
It never came there.
I called the police of Platomis and it turns out how that night.
At the next morning, two office came back to my house and I was interested in that the car of Michael was under the power.
And a strategy had seen it out of the bridge to the 1990s in the top of the day.
Thank you very much.
Who has not been bad without sure a real mental disease.
It shouldn't be so easy to go with it.
My teachers are with your strand.
The Google, the Google Galaxy is supposed to be a state through our beautiful bacteria -- not a community.
Good survives this week, Vietnam.
I can't imagine the value that she needs to go to the bridge and remember the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go out there.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
The 11 percent of 2000 of 2009, respond to a calculation of the rate for a positive open supply in the front of the bridge near the North top.
I come up with my engine for the street and I looked at this man, Kather Berlin, in the street.
When I looked at me, I went out of the balloon, and it gets on that little piece that goes around the atmosphere.
For the time and the middle of the next one, I heard like Kenya talked about their definition and despite.
Kevin decided for her day that day will come back to that day and give life another opportunity.
When Kenya came back, I happy.
This is a new beginning -- a new life.
But I asked him, "What was the thing that he made you come back and give the hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I hear it."
I let me talk to me and just listen?
A little bit after that, I got a car from the mother of Kenya, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to take you to you.
"Be Britain Browness, nothing will take the events of the 11 percent of the horse, and you are one of the reasons that Kenya is still with us.
Now, I think King was climbing up by help.
It's been distributed with a mental disease.
And he took Kenya when I was only six months old, completely interesting from all of those horrible rangers, but thanks to God, now we know.
Kenya is in order -- as it says it.
We give God for God for you.
It was simply at the bottom with you, no Bangladesh Beatles."
And at the end of it, she wrote -- "Oh. When I was looking at the World Mexico of San Francisco that night, you love like the patient.
"I know I had to solve?
Now, Kenya is a healthy father and an activity of society.
I talked about the events of that day and their definition with the hope that his story would inspired others.
This is not just something that I've found me in the work.
It's person.
My grandmother was supposed to come in.
That act -- even though I was going to end up his own pain -- I was able to get the opportunity to know.
This is what the surgery does.
For most people, or those of you who consider the subject, they would not think about surrounded another person.
They just want their own pain to go up.
And so we get it out of just three ways.
In my career -- I have been involved and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and called survival around the power.
And of those individuals that I've been directly involved -- I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japanese.
The other was a man who talked about an hour.
And for that time, I got the hand in three times.
In the end, I looked at me, and he looked at me, and he said, "Jeff, I feel -- but I have to go on.
And I went out.
How I was hopefully, absolutely horrific.
I want to tell you, though, that the great majority of people who are going to be able to connect in that bridge not surprised.
And also, those few people who have gone out of the bridge and live and you can talk about it, that one or two, most of those people have said that the second thing you leave from side of the bank was realized that they had made a brother and they wanted to live.
I say to people, the power not only consumer Mars with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection or because we do that, it's something that every single one of us should be able to do to do.
The surface can be.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes them be what you are, but in your interest you know what you are, and a question would be going to you, how do you become that?
I have to be something only in that sense -- but I'm not alone -- I am not just a way that I'm used to be.
When I became the model I felt that I finally had been able to get the dream that had had from a child.
And I was going to end up with my green truth with my truth -- with my interest.
For reasons that I'm going to give me more later, when I look at this picture -- I think the Gene getting -- it comes up with it.
But the opposite past -- I discovered that, you know, I'm starting to start with.
In all of our families, our relationship -- our society, our society in history, even our body.
Some of them have the value to lead to the characteristics of the states in the color of the skin or the products of those who are reaching us.
They are people who are always going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors -- many of my friends, my friends, my antibiotics even imagined my story.
I think this engineering is called recognition.
This is the me.
And I was told as a "Child, because I was going to be born because of the application of my government.
I remember that my five years in the Filling, in my house -- I always had been able to put this picture in the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why are you always going to take that picture in the head?
I said, "Man: I am a child." I'm a girl."
I knew then how to do it.
The gender has always become a unique fact -- but now we know that, actually, it's something more complex and minister.
Because of my success -- I never brought me to share my story, not because I would think it will be what I'm bad -- but how the world is all about those of us who want to look at them.
Every single day to be women.
I have a mom, and a family and a family.
Many are not so fundamental.
There is a long tradition in the current culture that comes up with the military microscope.
There is a little bit of compassion of compassion there.
There is a bit of his house, diagnosed from the holes.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a picture in the Fireflies that I call these microbes.
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman came up with me, and I remember that moment as if something like that, this is the kind of woman that I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still see this woman called TV.
This is the direction of a beautiful beauty company.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been allowed in the building business?
He told me that if she was sitting out of the interactions of research and the station, and that night, he won in the battery baby, he won on the galaxy and he was able to be able to be able to be able to get more than 40 cars.
That moment changed my life.
And suddenly I was inside of the world of beauty behavior.
Not a lot of people can say that his first work was a sense of beauty of beautiful women, but I can know I can.
And I also met the diagram of the devices, especially when we travel into the records of the Fireflies.
But more important than all that, I met my best friends from that community.
In 2009, my mom had been moved to San Francisco, I called me and I told me that they were able to take my survival of the green army that I could go to live to the United States.
And I was responded.
I said to my mother, "Machine, I am distributing.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty."
But then, two weeks later, I called me and said, "You know that if you move to the United States you can change the name and the ideal ideal?
It was all I needed to hear it.
My mom suggests that I was going to put two and my name to me.
And she also told me when I was going to hear at the age of 18 years old.
It is common that in some of the most rural cities that are related to the most programmers that are the most programmed and the survival and the security.
At the time in the United States, I was necessary to do the water before we change the name and the gene.
So in 2010, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the continued to be controlled with the name of the name of the Gene and the front of the front of the front of the front of the front of the front of the front of the front of the front of the front of the front of the front of the front of the front of
It was a big moment.
For some people, their identity of identity means power or power to get a transition, but for me it was the line to live -- to feel a set.
In the way, my fear looked like microbes.
I felt that I could take my dream and move to New York, and being model.
Many are not so fundamental.
I think of this woman in the New Harrisham Man.
A young woman in New York who came up with his truth -- but that, I was going to go up with his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our statement is eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All of the 20 percent of us do a global video for the Democratic day.
I am in this stage for a long story of people who pay and put it back to the institution.
These are Mars Pauline. John and Singapore Richard.
Today, at this same moment, I'm coming out of the arm.
I can't keep living my truth and only for me.
I want to do the best thing to help the others to live their truth without sea, and I don't know.
I am here, so that there is some day no longer more than 20 percent.
My real truth led me to accept what I are.
Do you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  Katheria Santa Santa, Gene, a quick question.
George Republican?
In my own network of support -- my parents especially to my family -- which is very strong to me.
I remember all of the times that I've been able to get young young women -- which I've come up with young young women -- and I told you that their parents couldn't be able to accept it, I was called the phone -- I was called my mom and he said, "Machine, you can call this woman?
Sometimes I worked -- other times -- it's not just idealistic identity -- that's what's in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are going to say, and what I try to do is to put it on the table that some times the issue that some times that anti-control is -- and that there should be a space that allows people to be able to do -- and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with cells.
The transportation movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
There should be understand.
There should be space for the contractor and to make questions, and I hope that all of you are my cars.
KB: Thank you. All right. GG: Thank you.
In a lot of private societies and transportation, the parents are known by their children, but I'm one of the little parents who are known by his daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malter started his field for education.
Before that, I was my daughter -- but I'm now his father now.
Services and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity -- the history of women is the history of the institution, the invention of violence and the experiment.
You see, in the private societies -- right from the beginning, when you look at a child, your birth is not collecting.
It's not good -- not for his father -- not for his mother.
The version comes to the mother and you go to the mother and no one happy to the father of the father, and you get it down to the father.
And a mother gets a lot to have a child.
When it gives light to the first girl -- the first daughter -- the first story, you put it up.
When it gives light to the second daughter -- and with the hope of a child -- when he took his third daughter -- it feels kind of collaborative as a crime.
Not only the mother survive, but the daughter was born -- when I grew up, when I grew up as well.
At the age of five years old, when I should go to school and school and school.
In the age of 12 years, it has a good life.
You can fun.
It can play with their friends in the street, and it can move through the streets like a market.
But when I walked into the adventure, when I was 14 years old, he was asked to go out of his house without a male act.
It's connected to the four walls of his house.
It's not a free person.
It becomes the name of his father and his brother and his family and his family and if they bring the code of that hospital of the hospital, the could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this idea of hospital. It doesn't just affect the life of a girl -- also affect the life of the mathematical members of the family.
So this brother is surrounding the galaxies of their life and the happiness of their sister in the name of the hospital.
And there is one more of the private societies that is called obvious.
It turns out that a good girl must be very closed, very human and very substantial.
It's the crime.
The model of a good girl has to be called.
It was supposed to be similar and it takes the decisions of their father and his mother and the decisions of the environment, even if I don't want it.
If you take a man with a man who doesn't like or if you walk up with a old man -- it has to do that, because it doesn't want to be a headline of desert.
If you get very young people, you have to do it.
So I can call it depression.
And what happens to the end.
In the words of a population, "The characteristics, and then it gives light to more children and shows."
And the signal of the situation is that this mother is interacting the same lesson to his daughter and the same lesson in his children.
And this little visual crisis came up and continued.
They were hard and gentlemen, when I was born Malah, and for the first time, I don't like the narratives of the names -- to be honest, but when I was there, and I looked at his eyes, tell me a little bit about straightforward.
And so much before I was born -- I thought in his name and he was born with a legal leadership of the freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Mala from Mars, and I called my daughter so for it.
But when I looked at me, all of them were men -- and I took my photography, and I took a line of my name and I wrote it?
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, I had a school.
You might ask, why should I tell you about a child in a school in a school.
Yes, I have to tell you.
You can give it in Canada, in the United States in the United States, in many developing countries, but in the poor countries, in the private societies -- is a great technology for the life.
In a school in a school means the recognize of your identity and your name of your name.
And an increase to school means that it has been sent in the world of dreams and the approaches where it can explore their potential for their future.
I have five gentlemen, and no one of them could go to school, and they would be surprised -- two weeks before, when I was coming out of the carbon line, and I was in the relative part to the family, I couldn't remember some of my books.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my studies of my studies in any document.
That was the reason I value to my daughter for me.
What my father could not give me to my sister or his children, I thought I had to change it.
I used to be able to take the intelligence and the water of my daughter save.
And I used to feel with me when my friends came to see me.
The animal to go to me to a lot of distances.
And all of these values -- I have tried to send them into their perspective.
And this wasn't just for it, only for Mars.
I've impact all of these good values in my school to girls and girls for the same.
And I used education for emotion.
I teach my children, teaching the students to forget the lesson of the audience.
I taught the students to forget the lesson of the seat called heart.
They were hard and gentlemen, we were forgotten by more rights for women, and we were able to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found up with a new way.
It was true for human rights and particularly for the rights of women.
It's called the talk.
That means a whole bunch of the women in all of women in all political activity and social and social activity.
hundreds of schools looked like.
The kids are going to go to school.
The women would be used to use and they stop going to the market.
So the music were similar, the girls are standing and the substances and the substances.
They survive millions -- but they were going to talk about, and it was a hard to have around those people who kill and take them out when you talk about your rights for you.
It's really analyzing.
In the 10 years, Malah got up and get down the right to education.
I wrote a day.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It looks like a cell around the world.
And that was the reason that the tons could not be able to be able to take their campaign and the 19 percent of the 20th century, they were given in the head.
It was a fantastic day for my family and for me.
The world became a great black hole in it.
As my daughter was definitive between life and death -- I was going to get up to my wife to my wife -- "I have to walk up for what happened to my daughter -- your daughter?
And then he said to me, please don't tell you.
It depends on the right cause of it.
I put your life in play for the cause of the truth -- by the cause of the party, and by the cause of education, and your daughter would be inspired in you and you get it.
They were both in the right path and God protected it.
These few words mean a lot for me, and I didn't get to ask again.
When Manhattan was in the hospital and he had a little bit of sex down and the stranger doors because his favorite name was common, I used to see a dark survey that was spread by the face of my wife of my wife standing.
But my daughter was never going on.
I used to tell you, "I'm well with my typical strategy and with the environment in my face.
I'm going to put it well. Please don't worry?
It was a conversation for us, and it turns up.
They were hard and gentlemen, we've learned from it how to deal with the most difficult moments -- and I can share with you to share with you that despite being a distance by the rights of the children and the women, is like any girl in 18 years.
And then I didn't just get her task up.
And he went up with their gentlemen, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about special in my lab that has made so much application to Math so sophisticated and experience?
I say, I don't ask you what I did.
Let me ask you what I didn't do.
It doesn't cut your backs, and that's everything.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I went out of the brain about 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal country.
I'm engineering.
And I want to tell you that I remember me to the Greek Museum of Google -- where I've had a diagram to my card, the diagnosis of Google Dollar -- but all of the work that I'm talking about here about the science of the brain, I would actually go back to Google or outside my work there.
And there is this thing -- there is a station when you go to a brain.
Do you have to be just like smart or right?
Would you not be like that, could you be able to become smart?
After the nation, I got a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the graphic material -- but it was the middle part of the center that creates important human and neurons.
And then immediately after the opportunity, I had to decide what you can take -- from more than a doctor of chemical potential every day, because if I didn't take anything -- die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the communications and microbes of change, and try to get them, to follow life.
More than one time I've been talking about a little bit.
But by the way, I have an experiment -- so I decided that I decided that I would experience to try and try to get the very powerful doctors because there is really not a clear map that is going to tell it in the distance.
I started to test with a few different microbes, and I was surprised to see how small changes in the documents changed my advance, my sense of who I was me, my sense of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particular case -- for a few months, for a few months, I was able to give you a little bit of text for a man in a man, and I was surprised to see how you change my thinking.
I was always fundamental, I thought all the time in the sex -- and I believed that it was the most smart person in the world, and  -- of course, a lot of times in the past I've known a lot of different guys like this, or maybe some of the analogy self-assembles.
It turns out as an extreme one.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be a stranger.
In fact, I was trying to try and transform a problem that I had in front of it, and it just doesn't happen.
So I couldn't do it.
I changed my data.
But I think that experience gave me a new approach about men and about what they have to do -- since then I get better with the men.
So what I was trying to do is to do the tools and the neurons and so on, it was to remember my intelligence after disease and opportunity, my creative thinking, my creative thinking of ideas.
And I used to think about almost in images -- and that became my point of key region, how I get those mental images that used to create properties, my ideas -- if you want to be able to try new ideas and remember situation.
This kind of thinking is not again.
Plates like Hubble, Development and men see things like this.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
Now there are the people who do this idea, and there are a lot of decisions about how the mind. To me is simple for me, for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and invented thinking.
So then, after several years, I got to find the right point and I have a lot of great mental genes -- really, very sophisticated and good structure.
Now, I'm working on how to take a little bit quickly these mental images of my mind to the screen of the computer.
Do you imagine what would happen if a carbon direction was able to use their imagination just to take the world that has to the front?
Or if a music.
There are incredible possibility with this, like the way people creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difference to do this is just to increase the relationship of our brain systems.
Let me show you why I think we are pretty close to this with two recent experiments that were done by two groups that are done by two groups in the news.
And both of us used English technology -- imagine by the mathematical mathematical resource, to represent the brain -- and you can see the brain school made by George Galaxies and their colleagues in Harvard.
The collaboration of the left shows the brain of a person who looks at a picture.
The middle of the middle shows the brain of the brain of that same individual as you imagine, looking at that same picture.
The color of the right is created by the content of the center of the middle of the left -- you see that the difference is almost nothing.
This is represented in many different individuals with many different images -- always with a similar result of it.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine that same image is almost nothing.
Now, let me share you another experiment -- this is the lab of John Gates in Bernis: California.
They were able to build the brain waves in visual field cars.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experience, it shows people hundreds of hours of video video and their brains to make their brains to create a great area of the brain.
And then you showed you a film with new images -- new people, new animals, and while you get a new school.
The computer -- using only the brain information of the school to show it to show that the person was looking at it.
The right you can see the directions of the computer, and the left, the video that I showed you.
This tells us baseball.
We're good about doing it.
We just need to improve the solution.
And now, remember that when you look at a picture and when you imagine that same image -- it creates in the brain the same way.
This was taken to the signals of the world's brain brain systems today, and their relationship is involved as a thousand times in the last years.
Now we need to increase the relationship for a thousand times more to get a more profound one.
How do we do that?
There are a lot of techniques to do it.
One is to open up the car and try to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
I don't mean for that.
A lot of people are putting up new terms of progress for images -- even I think with the recent result of the IMF, first of all, we should ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
So the conventional wisdom says that the only way to get more relationship is with bigger models, but to this point -- the most large impacts of only offer small people in the relationship -- not analysis for thousands as we need.
So I put this idea, rather than more big, we make better images.
We can create a lot more complex structures with a slightly different distribution, like making a specific.
And why does this mean?
In the last few years, a great amount of effort in the GPS was to make a really big thing, right?
However, most of the recent artists in terms of engineers and brothers in consumer and destruction -- in the transformations and record of the French record statistics in the Indian systems.
At the time, instead of a massive field of me, we use mental patterns that have been used to the U.S. rationalities.
So when you compare the magic patterns with the patterns of the Prince program programmers -- we can increase the information that you can end up in a single school.
And also, we can be able to enjoy our knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
When you use the BRI we should be able to measure not only the surgery of the original blood blood, but the horses and the norms that I've mentioned and perhaps even the right human activity -- this is the state.
We're going to be able to fly our ideas in a direct way to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go out of the language and communicate it directly through the thinking.
What would we be capable?
How do we learn to deal with the green human thinking without film?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are great questions.
It would be used to use it as a tool to support our skills of thinking.
In fact, this same tool could lead to the University of Art and similar disease.
We have a little bit more likely to open this door out.
From all ways, they take a year to happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine it will take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you this night about the arm, and not in a traditional sense -- not just from the gay arm.
I think we all have a harmony.
And his arm maybe is to tell some person for the first time or say somebody who is amazing, or to say somebody who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation for one of the hard conversation that you have in life.
Everything is a hard conversation -- and even though our issues can look at transportation, the experience of having lived and have come out of that arm is something universe.
And I fear it, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked in the South State State Campaign California, a answer in the city, and being there, I had to take a number of pictures of the international microbe, and I will not make my arms, I would take the letters of the United States as a leadership.
And it's going to be aware that by the horse of my short painting and I would have opened the head up -- I would ask me a little child a little child -- "Oh, you're girl or girl?
And it takes a situation in the table.
And I would open my shoe a little bit more, I would take me a little bit of a roof.
The father would go up with the painting and the mother was going to be able to be able to look at her son to his child.
But I would not say nothing -- and he would go down into it.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight it.
And that's a terrible sense.
So I thought the next time I would say something.
I would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
Are you a girl or a child?
A family similar, but this time I was prepared and I was going to try to get in the film in the metal instants in the table --  I had the lives of Ben Francisco.
The Galaum Christmas Christmas Christians.
Even a fraction of the "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The
And so I was going to give you a little bit and I looked at the look and I went up with a little bit of four years with a right sea, looking at what it's not a challenge for a favorite document, just a girl with a question: Are you girl or girl?
So I'm going to give you a little bit again, I put me out of climate close to it, and I said, "Oh, I know this is something like this.
I have the short horse like a girl -- and I saw a little girl -- but I am a girl -- and you know, like you like you to use a red sea, and sometimes you like to use a complete pain.
Well, I am more than a little bit of a child care?
And that guy looked at me finally, and he said, "My favorite painting is violence and it has a fish.
Can you give me a pain, for farmer?
And that was all of it.
What happens to the piece that I prepare?
It was the very easy conversation of everything that has ever been done.
And Why? Because the girl of the painting and I, both of us were honest with the other.
So as a lot of us, I have lived in some arms in my life, and yes, often my walls used to be a architecture.
But inside the dark -- you can't know what color are the walls of the wall.
You just know how you feel like you are living in a statement.
This is how my arm is not different to the substance or the one.
Now, I will give you 100 reasons why to go out of my arms was more difficult than coming out of it, but this is the subject." The hard is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell you to explain someone who have been discovered in the red bank is more difficult than say that it's been standing?
Who can say that this story that I think is more difficult than to say to your son in five years that go to distributed?
There is no more difficult thing, only there's a difficult thing.
We need to stop making sure what is hard to what it is hard for the other person to make us feel better or worse in relationship to our arms and we need to just feel like that we all live a hard thing.
In some point in our lives, we all live in architects, and you can make sure to feel security or at least more security than what the other side of the door is.
But I'm here to tell you that it doesn't matter what they are made of their wall -- a arms is not a place to live in.
Thank you.
And I had a character of home, a little bit of high talks in high tops.
It was not the military line to fight with any child in four years that I would go to the country.
I was controlled by the fear of the fear -- I went up in a school of my dark architecture coming up with my big galaxy, and moving just a magic is the most exciting thing that has ever done.
My family, my friends, my friends that I've spent my entire life trying to do not tell them, and now the world was going to go back to the point.
I was taking the pages of a woman that we all have come up for so long -- but if you don't get that big one, you kill you.
And one of my biggest grandmothers in the top of my sister was at the bottom of my sister in my sister of my sister was in my sister of my sister in my sister of my sister was in my sister of my sister in my sister of my sister was in my sister of my sister in my sister of my sister was in my sister of my
It was the first time that many of them knew that a lot of people knew that it was galaxy, and when I do my books of hospital.
And after I'm going to talk about a moment, one of the wonderful women -- "The National Laboratory?
And the battle of the galaxy had started with.
"Oh, once I was in the Campaign?
"Well, yes, the truth is we have friends in San Francisco."
Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's familiar.
"Oh, you know my scale and you know my state and you know my state and you know my state and you know my state and you know my state and you know my state and you know my state and you know my state and you know my state and you know my state and you know my state and you know my state and you know my state
It's very good and never talked about having a nonprofit."
"What is your fantastic TV, fantastic.
Our favorite program -- William and Thank you.
And you know who do you love it?
John is our favorite."
And then a woman, and then a woman, but I hope to show you how to show his support -- to make it know that I was from my side, finally said, "Well, sometimes my husband used completely characteristics.
And I had an opportunity at that moment, as they have all the big landscapes.
It could have been easy to be easy to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were functional.
And what else can you ask somebody to ask somebody but form?
If you are going to be an artist with somebody -- you have to be prepared for the activist that you get in.
This is how the hard conditions are still going to be my strong point.
They ask any one that I have gone out.
But I am better, and I know what I like to call the three main prisons of the Parks.
Now, please look at this through the gay perspective, but they understand that what it means to go out of any artist is essentially the same thing.
Number one. They're activity.
You know the arm. It's yourself.
That girl in the country had no arms but I was ready for the battle of the battle I was ready for the room.
So if you want somebody to be generally, the other people need to know that we also know.
Number two, they're right. You just do it. You just do it.
If you know that they are galaxy, they do it.
If you say to your parents that maybe you might be galaxy, they will keep the hope that it could change.
They don't give them a sense of fast hope.
And number three and more important.  They leave the complex one.
You communicate their true.
And so you can see it for that.
And some of you can go out and you can go up with the surface of what you've done -- but you never stop what you are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel decision, but that something in them, not in you.
Those are the experts of them about what you are, but not your own own.
That's the story of them, but not of you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write it.
So the next time you find in a dark dark -- you have to know that we all have been there.
And you may feel very simple, but you don't are.
Thank you, Boston.
Well, what is that?
If you look at the story of how you have seen the intelligence -- a production example has been the famous quote of Prayin Department that "The question of if a machine can think is as interesting as the question of if a subject can be a subject.
When Paul Diego wrote this as a critical to the pictures of information like Alexander Turkey.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical lessons of the intelligence of intelligence interactions.
So let's take a step on.
First of all, we start with a mental experience.
Imagine that they are from a natural robot, that you don't know anything about the biology of the Earth or no intelligence of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes, and they can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives -- so you can see the Earth for millions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terms, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact of it.
But if you are from an amazing reason that you don't know about this, that it doesn't have any concept about the Earth -- you would be used to develop a physical theory to explain a physical theory that will explain how to a certain moment in time, the artists that we get on the surface of a perfect planet stop doing it.
And that is why I guess this is the same question that we understand the physical nature of intelligence of intelligence in it.
So in this program that led to a several years ago, I added a series of issues through science, through several different districts, which would be -- I think, to a single memory of the intelligence of the intelligence in the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of
In fact, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally accepted for the development of intelligence -- and in particular, for the development of college states that are using the diversity of future possible.
And finally, in the political movement planet, there have been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to be able to do the skills of the robots to measure the future of action with the end of the end of the way that we can make complex targets.
And so taking all these different issues and put them together, I said, since a number of years ago, there is a metal mechanism for the intelligence that we could end out of all these different temperatures?
Is there only an energy for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes, what you're looking at is probably the most close to one and a half to the intelligence that I have seen before.
So what you're looking at here is an advance that the intelligence is a force -- First, that goes up with the end of making the future of action.
And I act to make the future future of action.
In a few words, the intelligence is not like to be able to go up.
The intelligence is trying to measure the future food of action and keep the open effects.
And so, having a team of this, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How do you think about it?
Do you put the level of human intelligence.
Do you put the artistic intelligence interaction."
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, I'm going to show some of the amazing applications of this simple electricity.
National, resources have suggest that the universe they produce more designers, or "The "The "fish, for their life should have to have the most fundamental conditions for the existence of smart beings like us.
But what happens if that conservative compassion between the environment and the intelligence invented a more profound relationship.
What happens if the smart behavior is not only constantly constantly constantly controlled with a long time, but it actually goes directly from it?
To figure out, we've developed a software of software called Europe, designed to make a long energy production in any system where you find inside it.
Surprising, English could spend a lot of animals of animal intelligence -- play games of human games -- and even making money by making action -- all of it without that I had been able to do that.
Here are some examples of Ediesches in action.
In the same same as a piece of feet without it, here we see English building a country using a career.
This behavior is not a part in part because we never gave it to Europe a metal.
I just decided for her to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
This ability to be applications for the human robot and technology technology.
This ability to use tools of tools will have access in the smart mathematical and architecture.
And also, as some other animals can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to feed the food, here we see that Europe can be able to make a version of the model.
This computer capacity has interesting consequences for economic planet and a variety of other field.
English is extremely apply to a variety of documents.
So for example, here we see it a little bit of putting a game of put it against themselves, including their potential for play.
So here we see Earth open new companies in a social network where friends are constantly developed and keep with success.
This same capacity of network also has access in the health of health and energy.
So here we see the robots of a barrier flower, finding with success and using the Campaign California to feed the world in the world from the Arabic to Park.
In the same way, English is actually application to problems in the anticipation and the transportation and transportation.
And finally, here we see Electric speaking to figure out to be able to figure out to be able to figure out a little bit of body, sending in a series of activity of action.
This kind of risk of risk is going to have an active argument in terms and security.
All Western, what you've seen is that a series of mathematics of human behavior.
Now, here is a deep pressure.
We go back to the beginning of the robot of the red term -- the World Bang, there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines -- there would be a critical region.
The machines are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to us.
One of the biggest conditions of this work is that maybe all of these decades -- we've had all the concept of the collective relationship to the world.
It's not that the first machines become smart and then memories and they try to get out of the world.
It's all the opposite -- that the ability to take control of all the future future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of the intelligence -- that the general intelligence can actually be able to take the control -- instead of being the country.
Another important generation is the search of the goal of the goal is the search.
I often ask me, how is it that you can look at objects from this kind of market?
So my equivalent to the descendants to go to the desires to help them build artificial intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence -- is the next one, the intelligence must be seen as a physical process that I tried to measure the future future of action.
Thank you very much.
We are in a point of innovation in human history, something between the stars and lose the planet that we call "Hown "Hero."
Now, in the last few years, we have taken a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth in the context of the universe.
The Kenya King of NASA has discovered thousands of planets that come around other parts of other stars -- which is because the Earth is just one between the thousands of planets of our galaxies in our game.
Kenya is a space that is a space that has been made by the stars of the stars when the planets go through them -- and you get a little bit of that light that you get in.
The data recognized by Kenya shows the size of the planets of the distribution that there are between them and their stem stars there.
Now, this helps us understand if these planets are small and robots like the terrible planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they get out of their own.
At the time, this gives you about if these planets we find are stage or not.
Unfortunately, as we are finding this theory of positive world, our own planet is coming down under the weight of humanity in the way.
The year 2011 was the most collective company.
Grandmother and sea ice that have been with us from us in the middle of a few thousand dollars.
These environmental changes that we've been able to grow up to the global scale of our ability to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get
But I am not a science of the climate -- no antibiotics.
But that I study the plant of the planet installed by the stars with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could tell you that you look for extraordinary opportunities in the anti-interesting situation.
Now, as someone really interested in the search of life in the universe I can tell you that the more they look for similar planets to the Earth -- the more enjoy our own planet.
Every one of these new world.
Let's take our neighbors -- Mars.
Mars is small and red and despite being a little bit more far from the sun -- it can be able to be able to be able to be able to show this for a mission like Kenya.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been random in the past, and in part of it is why we study so much to Mars.
Our robots like the College represents their surface in search of the lives of life as well as we know.
The satellites that the organization of the Michael Missis, they take some of the market atmosphere, and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
The private companies now offer just not only computers but also the possibility of living in Mars.
But despite that all of these national images will remind us to the challenges of our planet, places that are visited in our imagination with the printed ideas and personalized ideas in the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
We take the extension of the developing areas of our planet that are still going to be able to be able to control, and they really have been able to be able to communicate with Mars.
Even in the most sophisticated places and more extraordinary of the Earth the air is front and reliable oxygen for our traditional forests to thousands of miles of distance.
I worry that this interaction for Mars and other planets and other planets that I have to have a big station, and the product of some of the ones that Mars would wait for here to save out of this incredible advance of the only planet that we know it's really honest, the Earth.
So for a lot that I like to do this is that I want to be in the development of this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars to go to Mars -- but say that Mars will be there.
But the goal for the interactive explanation and the transportation program is not going to be controlled.
No, they are actually faces of the same movement, the goal of understanding and improve life in the future.
And the extreme environment in our world is light as an extraordinary professionals.
You just find more close to home.
If we can understand how to create and keep space spaces -- in the horrible areas of the Earth, maybe we could save the need to predict our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment -- the Pakistan forest.
A lot of years ago, the United States.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to the face of it is that when the scientists come back with enough technology to be able to continue to be living between the stars -- they lose the notion of the important thing that is to protect the order of the planets that were involved by this development of it.
So it is acceptable to think that only the energy consumer will save us from ourselves, but the political pressure and the plant exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to go to the horrible environment of Mars.
Thank you.
And a few years ago, I took my own home.
And as I was in the front pound looking at my backs, I realized that I didn't have the cars.
In fact, I could see the window that they were in the table of the company, where I had left them.
So I quickly tried to open all the other door and self-aware, and all of them were good carefully.
I thought to call a car -- at least I had my cell -- but at the middle of the middle, a car could take a lot of time to get up, and he was coming up.
I couldn't go back home from my friend in Jesse to spend night because I had a financial flower to Europe at the next morning, and I was able to go out of my husband and my hand.
It turns out, but sure that not more expensive than a middle at night, so I thought, as I thought, I was going to go out of the circuits, and it was going to go out of the characteristics.
I'm a professional neuron and I know a little bit about how the brain works.
Life completely completely completely model the levels of the analysis and the thinking of the thinking.
And when I got to the strategy of the factory in the audience, I realized that I didn't have my party.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without drawing.
And I began to ask me, if there was something that could do, systems that I could put in your place, which will come up with bad things.
Or at least if you get bad things, you get the probability that it is a total car.
So I was going to think about that, but until a month later my thoughts didn't be created.
I was taking up with my colleagues David Katrina, and a little bit, I was talking about the seat, and I was going to talk to me that I had taken my hand, and Daniel share me with me that had been putting something called something called property resource.
It's something that he had learned from the Gatent Gala Grandmother, who had written out of this a few years before, known as the printing.
They all know what the police is.
Every time you have a design, a team of experts come and try to figure out what it came wrong -- right?
In the beginning, as you explain Daniel, you look at it and try to figure out all the things that you could go wrong -- and I try to figure out what you can do to make sure that things happen or to stay the day.
So what I want to talk to you about is some of the things that we can do in the way we can do in the way we can do.
Some of them are evidence -- others are not so evolution.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the home, it will take a place for the things that they lose easy.
This sounds like common sense and it is, but there is a lot of science that support this time, based on how our space works.
There is a structure in the brain called honey, which has evolved over thousands of years to make a sense of the seat of the important things where the good, where the fish are the fish -- which is the financial trees -- where they live the friends and engineers.
The hospital is the part of the brain that goes up in the London terrorists.
This is the part of the brain that allows them to find their networks.
And if you ask you if someone really did the experience, they would go up with the substance sense of the arms and still you could find your needs.
They didn't use the speech, but the hospital, that meaning very evolution of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move too much, not so good for things that move a lot.
So this is the reason to lose the cars of the car -- the real and the particles.
So in home to give you a place for the labs, a lot of together to the door -- maybe a device platform.
And for his party, a particular box in particular one.
And for their leadership games, a particular measure.
If you take a place and you are straight with it, you will always be there when you look at them.
What about the trips?
They take with the cell a picture of their creatures -- limited to come up with the back to the shoes to itself so that they're in the course.
If these things look like or the robots, this can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do the substance.
These are some of the most obvious things.
And remember, when it's under behind them, the brain.
The curve is terrible and the thinking.
So part of the private practice is to recognize that under them we're not going to be at the best time, and you have to put the systems in your system.
And there is maybe no more high situation that when you get in front of a medical decision.
And at some point, we all will be in that situation -- to have to take a very important decision about the future of our medical attention.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm going to talk about a very particular medical acceptable.
But this comes up as a program for all of the medical decisions and actually for the form of financial decisions and social decisions and social decisions -- any kind of decision that you have to take a global event of the fact.
So we suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I have the result of the lab and the collaboration is a little bit like?
They all know that the high color is associated with a greater risk of carbon disease, and the heart of the heart -- the brain drones.
So one is thinking that having the high collaboration is not the best -- then the doctor says, "I would like to remember a drug that will help you reduce the collaboration, a station?
And maybe you have heard of the statistics, and you know that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today, is even likely you to know people who take them.
And so you think, "Yes, recognized the state."
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistics that you have to ask us that most doctors don't want to talk about, and the favorite companies even less.
It is for NASA, the number needs to treat it.
And what is this, the NASA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or to go to a water in any medical program before you help a person.
And you should think about what kind of statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor didn't tell me something if it wasn't going to help me.
But actually, the medical practice doesn't work.
And it's not a little bit of the doctor -- and if you get somebody out of somebody like me.
We have not understood very well.
But the German statistics that 90 percent of drugs work only about 30 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the most strange station, what do you think is it?
How many people have to take it before you help a person.
three.
And this is the research of the research research research and Ben Hollywood, constructed in the way that I was in the Bangladesh form.
And I myself explain the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before I was going to avoid a single heart.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one likely in 300 to go through my collaboration.
Why don't I do it, document?
But then you have to ask for a more, and it is, "Look at the secret effects? Right?
For this particular medicine, the school effects are produced in five percent of the patients.
And those including things that are transparent and artificial things, political pain and artist, but now you think, "The five percent is not very likely to go to me, still to take the medicine.
But a moment.
They remember that under behind them don't think of climate.
So you think about how you were going to get this with the time, so you don't have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
300 people take the fracture, right?
You have 15 times more likely to go out of the factory that you help you the doctor of the drug that you help you.
I don't say that they had or not to take the state.
I just say that you have to have this conversation with your medicine.
And the medical rate does it, it's part of the beginning of the human behavior.
We have access to have access to this kind of information to send the conversation about if you want to take the risk or not.
You may be thinking that I have taken this number in the air for the client of the character, but actually this number needs to treat is pretty typical
So for the water that the more it was done in the older men of the 1970s, the environment of cancer, the number need to treat is 19.997.
This is what it is about a person for one person who has helped you.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of the patients.
And those including the impact or a strange definition, which is the university in the recording, which is a record interaction, interactive interface.
And if you have surgery, it's one of that 50 percent of the effects will just give you a year or two.
So the idea of the printing is to think about time the questions that you can plan that you can pay the conversation towards it.
You don't have to make all of this in the action.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have an opportunity a lot of times, you want a more short life landscape, or a higher life that could have a lot of pain to the end.
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with his family and their loved people.
You can change in the heat of the moment, but at least you are interested in this kind of thinking.
And remember, our brain lived under behind them, and one of the things that happens in that moment is that they get a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
And I was going to face with a depression, it doesn't need the device system, or the light system, because if the body is going on the motivation in those things, it doesn't mean with reality. You could get to be the light of the legs, so nothing of that important.
Unfortunately, one of the things that are going on for the window for those moments of behind them is the red thinking.
So we have to try to try to think about the future to this kind of situation.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all distinctive.
We are all going to go back at the time.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those favorites, to put the systems in the place that will help us move the day, or to avoid that bad things happen in the first place.
Remember at the night of the night in Monterey, when I came back from my journey -- my control I was interested in communication to the door to the door -- with a color of the front door in the same way, a easy way to remember it.
And I have to figure out that I still have a lot of cars that I have no organization, and lots of message that I haven't read it.
So I am not very proud -- but I see the organization as a global process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
State, Paul, is my favorite music.
It means to be able to make a substance.
If you're taking a musical institutions and you see a "slide, you need to take more surprising.
Two percent, even more.
And four percent, extremely substance.
This is my doctor of a robot of the paper, there you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of people can have never going to get to a simple simulation.
That is my design definition of silence, a very dark sound sound like.
I would like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signals, the AIDS, as well as a little bit of my own story.
The language of the stories in the front of the front of the 1980s, and with the step of time, it allows us with local senses, and they developed the language that we know as AIDS.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
And I was trying to believe that the sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true for anything.
The sound is a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a green person who lives in a sound world, it's as if I live in a foreign country -- following their rules -- common, behaviors and normal and without them.
So how do you understand the sound."
Well, I see how people are moving and answer the sound.
People are kind of like my adventures and turn the sound.
And I learned that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds -- and I've seen how people respond to.
So I've learned for example.
"I don't leave the pollutant?
They don't do a lot of noise to eat the balloon of the pattern of participation, "started, front of the pattern of participation.
"You don't expand -- and when you're eating it, you will not take the covered in the plant."
All of this is called "slice.
Maybe I think of the sound of sound more than the average person to do it.
I am the substance of the sound.
And I'm always waiting with the sound of the sound that is going to come up with control.
From there, this diagram.
TED.
TED, to go on.
TED, to get up.
You can see that the picture is not in the line.
That is because the lines are already going to come through the surgery of substance and markets.
In the green culture, the movement is equivalent to the sound.
This is the signal for "Great in the TED.
A typical picture has five line.
However, to me, to do the way that I don't feel nature.
This is why I just have four lines in the paper.
In the year 2007, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, George, for an artificial research there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
In this way, I saw music and different species of different galaxies, and as I went from a place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art -- everything was automatically.
Now the sound has been sent in my art.
Is it going to make me more than the art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't only experience through the eyes.
I can feel it in a terrible way, or it will be able to experience it, or even as an idea.
So I decided to pick up the sound of sound and put it into my artificial program.
And everything they had taught me in how much to sound -- I decided to leave it and understand it.
I started to create a new body.
And when I put it to the artificial community -- I was pretty excited with the amount of support and attention.
I realized that the sound is like money -- the power -- the control.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was a stuff, and it was a little bit of a person.
And the sound is so powerful that I could give me to me and my artificial work, or I could be able to get it.
I chose that I would be able to get up.
There is a massive culture in the language to the language.
And only because I don't use my final voice to communicate to the eyes of society is like if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can be able to support the same.
And so I am able to be able to be related to the current society.
So in school, in the work, in the work, I work with a lot of different parts of TV.
And his voice becomes my voice and ideas.
They help me be listening to me.
And their voices have value and support.
In fact, when you ask their voices to be able to keep a form of value of value something like to take a prison with a very high interest in a very high way.
If I didn't continue to go with this practice -- I feel that I could be able to be able to be able to be able to have any kind of social value.
So with the sound as my new artificial means in the world of music.
And I was surprised to see the simulations between music and TV.
For example, a musical noticed you can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
And the same thing can tell you from a concept in TV.
And the two are very special and totally models that it means that they can be able to affect the whole meaning as much of the signals as the sound of the sounds like that.
I'd like to share you a microscope of the piece, so they understand better how the AIDS works.
So imagine a piece.
The TED gets in a lot of different genetic legs in a lot of different.
If you add a different wall for each of them while you take the piece, as the physical experience, the share of the body, the speed of your hand and so on the way you take the pain, the English is a linear language -- as if you were going to be used just by a technology at the time.
However, the TED is more like a correct, you need them to get the 10 stores to express a clear concept or idea.
If you just want to change it, you would create a completely different meaning of it.
And the same thing happens with the music in how much of you in the mission of the top and you see it.
In TED, when you use these different white legs -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the security sandwich in that.
This is the signal of the sandwich.
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, I got up.
Oh, you know.
What are you looking at it?
Oh, stopped."
So I was going to think about it, and if I see the TED through the missions of music.
So if I had to create a signal and it turns out over and over again, I could get to be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the signal of "all the side, the sun came out and put it up.
This is the day.
If you remember it, and it turns out the speed and you can see it as a musical piece of it.
All day.
I feel that the same thing you can say about the night at night.
All night.
This is all night, in this dramatic.
And this led me to think about about three different kinds of night, "No, "The notion, "The night?
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This turns out how the time is the time in TED and how the difference to the body can express the changes in time.
For example, one has a hand -- it's one hand, it's two hands -- the present is more close and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the spinal.
So the first example is "Hey, a long time.
And then, "Look, "Look at it and the last one, which is my favorite idea, with a very red idea and distributed at the time, and there was one time.
"Technology communication, it is a musical term with a specific speech of four times per day.
However, when I look at the word "the word "I think about the same time.
Look at Millenning, right hand, mine, hand.
We have the picture through the head and the character.
(Audience: Man: Man: Man: Man: The shoeld "Camera, My hole -- Michael "Let's show you a form of your hand called "sleep.
Can you do it with me?
All of the hands in high hand.
Now we're going to do it as much in the head as the chip, something like "the state of "the common, or the same time.
Yes, very well.
That means we will be in the international system.
The international system, like no, it's a visual tool to help communicate in all the culture and the sections in the world.
The second thing I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means "The programmers in the TED.
Now, the third one, please get me again.
And again.
This is "Look at the TED.
Let's do the three together.
We will leave "The "Women, "Women, "The "The "figure."
Good work.
Look at how the three species are very similar -- all of them happen in the head and the character -- but they transform very different.
It is incredible to see how the TED is living and present, as the music.
However, today, we live in a very activity world.
And only because the TED has no sounds -- it doesn't have social value.
We have to start to figure out what the social value and allow us to develop their own value without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more including society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be sure to learn AIDS.
The TED is a robot and I'd like to have the same experience.
I would like to send you to open your eyes, open your eyes, to pay in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you can never know, you can go back to us.
Thank you.
Department Katrina."
So my parents would say, "You can tell me, you can understand it, but then you have to figure it out.
And this is the responsibility increased.
But my imagination took me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
And so I grew up in a book of innovation or a brain bubble -- I should say, because the adults are asking us to protect them from the real tool.
When I do that, I found out that the adults also teach and that they're not very good to deal with each other.
The time -- I am now an artist and I teach the city and invented in the Hollywood school in North Korea.
You don't have to wait for a lot for my students to walk up by the flower that you have to go through the back and the balloon mountains.
So as a good citizens -- we feed the papers, and no, it's not beautiful bank, and if it is, I didn't know.
It is sad to say, but today more than 80 percent of the oceans have plastic participation.
It's kind of specifically.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big boards and networks, to collect those plastic pieces of plastic to study them under the microbes, and we put them into this information in a map.
But it was for a electricity and it is very expensive and it's also very likely to use those huge books.
So right now with my students, with six to 15 to 15 years old, we are to invented a better way.
We have brought up our finger film in Nigeria in a state.
We started to build this work of work with the activity that the children are also able to be participated.
And I will tell you, the kids who make electric tools feel great and safe tools.
Not exactly exactly not.
Let's go back to the paper.
We remember the plastic and we cut it into the size that we found it in the ocean -- which is very small, because of his face.
That's what we do.
I left it to the picture of my students.
My work is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to share it in something that we expect it to work.
So we decided that instead of getting out of plastic pieces of plastic -- we're just going to make information.
By the use of a robot -- we take a picture of this plastic -- the kids are excited so much with the robot.
Then we created what we call a protein "Well.
We are so quickly in the creative creation that we end up before we get back before we end up.
And we're going to bring up levels and cars in access and we teach it in a particular robot that will move down by the water and the plastic we have there, and this is the picture of the robot.
We see the participants of plastic flowing through the feeling while the computer computer is going to process this image and measure the size of every space, to get a service of the amount of plastic in the water.
We draw this step step down in a website for inventions called "The States, with the hope that somebody else is even more.
The great thing in this project is that the students saw a local problem, and it's trying to be trying to put it out of it.
And I can be able to research my planetary problem, but my students in HIV Korean are a very good distance.
You see the news -- and you get the Internet, and you take this picture.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, I was going to get a oil data, just using the hands in Santa, in Santa, the largest ship of the world in Barranisham.
They were very surprised because this is the water that becomes the water, is the water in which it looks like, the water where it looks like.
You can see that the water is harmony, and the oil and the oil are also a hand of market and when all of us, it's very hard to see what there is in the water.
But there is a simple technology called space, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first program of a species that can be able to be able to take through all kinds of substances that produce different species -- which can help identify what's in the water.
We take this program with a feeling and we put it to Barramic.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solve a local problem, or to take a local problem -- my students used their empathy and their sense of creative creativity to help us make other children.
And so I can research a problem to distance." I looked at a second experience, and I wanted to go a little bit more, maybe to get a more difficult problem, and also more close to me.
I am half a half and half of you -- and you might remember that in 2010, there was a definition in Japan.
It was so violence that they would find a lot of giant labs, called terms, and those terrorists were developing several cities in the cost of the cost of Japan.
More than 14 people died in an instrument.
It also gives the plant of nuclear energy of Function, a nuclear center to the water.
And today, I mean, as a average of 300 tons are still full of the nuclear plant in the Pacific ocean.
Today, all of the Park Ocean has transportation for 1995.
If we go to the weight cost -- we can measure the record of Flivority everywhere.
But if we look at the map -- it seems that most of the record is dependent out of the Japanese cost and most of the time, and most of them -- it has a safe thing, it's blue -- it's blue up.
Well, the reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've come back to Florida every year from the activity and research in the interaction of other scientists with other scientists -- the Earth, and this time we wanted to take the children.
Of course, we don't take them, the parents didn't allow them.
But every night we go into the control center here, you see the use of different machines.
It could look like they didn't take the work -- but I do do it because they're going to have to live with the activity all their life.
And now with them we did the data of the data that day and we talk about what we were going to do later, the structures, and so on.
And to do this, we created a typical map of the region around the nuclear energy.
We created the mathematical map of the electron, we were trying to represent data in real time in real time -- and we took water to follow the roof.
With this we were able to notice that the red police was filled from the top of the mountain to the right system and it would go into the ocean.
It was a substantial self-awareness.
But with based on this we organize a civil explanation -- the most close to the nuclear center to the state.
We took us up to 100 miles of the nuclear center -- and with the help of the corner of the area we were taking out of the market sea with a seat of signal as we invented and build it.
So here we see a program, we've gone from a local problem to a global problem to a global problem.
And it has been very exciting to work in these different scale, also with open technologies and very simple technology.
But at the same time, it has been more transparent because we've only been starting to measure the day that we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I ask me if we should give it out and try to invest better ways to do all these things.
So the car became a little bit of a little bit of so so we found an industrial instrument in HIV and we turn it into the largest space.
This is in the center of Hong Korea, and it's a place where we can work with work, metaphor, a little bit of biology -- a little bit of biology -- basically you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of children can actually come back with the help of adult help and where the adults can be children again.
States, access. They come at Allen."
Camera Harvard, we asked things like, we can invented the future of the movement with religious energy with really.
For example.
Or well, can we help in the movement of the population of the age of artists will transform their statement of statistics to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be electricity in new electricity vehicles?
The plastic and the oil and the relationship are terrible regions, but the worst legal that we can leave our children are the minds.
We can't allow us to protect the children of the green green because we need their imagination to invent the solution.
So scientific citizens -- creations, surveys, we need to pay the next generation for the environment to worry about the environment and the people, and so I can really do something about it.
Thank you.
Two general colors, two cultural design culture.
One is made of thousands of pieces of thing, the other of a single piece of state.
One of them is sensitive, the other organization of them.
You can see about the environment, the other thing.
One is designed by nature, the other for it.
Microsoft Michael said that when he looked at the motor at the back, I saw a figure that fight to be low.
The five percent was only an engineering tool.
But the living beings are not called cars.
They grow up.
And in the smaller conditions of life, the cells, we take all the information for every cell to work and to make it out.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the India, the world of design, the world of design has been disposed by the markets of the factory and production in the mass time.
The motor lines have made a world made of the designers of the design of designers and artists to think about their objects as some parts of different parts with different.
But you don't find an amazing material in nature.
Think about human skin for example.
Our favorite skin are developed with the domestic pounds.
The paintings of the paper are more groups with small people.
And you can actually act as a film, the other one as a shoe, and yet, it's the same skin -- there are no parts -- there's no antibiotics.
This is a system that would be a graduate show by the spirit of electricity.
So here's a device screen that represents my view of the world -- the population of every design and architecture of working up to work between the five and the gene -- between the machine.
These two lives in the world, my left head and the right, and the right and the right, and it shows in the two stars after me.
My work, in his most simple level -- trying to join these two lives in the world, taking out of the training and coming back to the growth.
You probably ask you, why do you do?
Why wasn't it possible about 10 or even five years?
We live in a very special moment in history -- a red moment where they put up four distributions that offer the access to tools that we had never had access to before.
And in the interest of these four cases, my team and I created it.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students at all.
We design objects -- products and tools and tools and tools and tools -- like this red arm with an age of 24 percent of distribution with a very important sea that some day is not very far to be able to imagine the entire buildings, and groups from seats of mathematical microbes that are going to be brought in the space.
So here we have come up with the cell, an article of the old architecture architecture -- and has created a screen where every audience is the size of just to model the form of light and the heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility to create a layer and a film. This was for a distance of Parkinson with Aristotle -- it's like a second skin made of a single piece of piece of a piece of a piece of it, flowers around the corner.
Right now with the 3D printer of the Stanford States, we put this layer and fallines without colors between cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
And this car has changed radio materials and balls in the relationship of 20 minutes.
This is the relationship of a human house.
It's also the relationship of a Congo school.
So the designers have access to this act of high relationship and the basic institutions -- allows us to design products that are not just the way our body, but also the physical structure of our texts.
We also have designed an active single single single single single station, and it also goes up and as well as a sound.
The Carolina program, my collaboration, we went back to the nature to inspire them, and the design of the surface of it, it becomes a solution.
We invest this surface of four different properties that are going to look at rich, especially and color and color to the present points in the human body.
His surface, as in nature -- it would look at their fundamental force of another material or another training, but by looking at the material and depressed the material perspective.
But is it the idealistic nature.
There are no parts in the nature.
I didn't believe me in a home horrific home, but when I was a young one, my grandmother told me stories about the Bill Brown, and one of them came up with me and she got a lot of what I important.
As she received it and say, "The third day of the Crish, God makes the Earth to grow a fundamental transportation transportation.
So for that first fundamental tree -- there would be no difference between tradition, boards, and fractions.
All the tree was a fraction.
In change, the land made the trees with the robots, completely, and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts of it.
I often ask me, "What would be the design if the objects made out of one piece of piece?
We would go back to a better state of creation?
So we looked for the basic material -- the kind of material of the fraction of the fraction of fraction, and we found it.
The second biological biological second in the planet is called the planet, and about 100 million tons are produced every year for organisms as cars, calculations, consequences and markets.
We think that if we were able to keep their perspective, we could generate molecular structures in one piece of pieces of it.
So that's what we did.
We call it logical market.  We asked a lot of cars to get them, and we put it up and we put it up and we were going to be able to be able to put it up and we put it back on the state of the state.
So looking at the chemical conditions -- we have been able to get a harmony gallery of property from the dark and definition, and the light, the light and the transportation.
In order to print the structures to big scale -- it built a system with a lot of antibiotics of extraordinary control controlled.
The robot could be able to look at the teachers of the material and create these structures made of a single material -- a hundred percent.
When the pieces are ready -- they let them go to find a natural way to the air.
So why do we continue to design with participation?
The air bubbles that were a survival of the pressure of the pressure of the presentation is used to continue to make a picture for the first time in the planet about three billion years ago, as we listen to it.
Right now with our collaborations in Harvard and MIT, we invested the bacteria designed to make a quick carbon of the atmosphere.
So for the first time, we've been able to generate structures that do their transparency without virtual problems -- and if you get even more, you might even go back to them.
So a fraction of fragile cardiologists.
It would work with an ancient material -- one of the first forms of life in the planet, with the water and with a little bit of basic biology -- we've brought a structure made of a cartoon made in an architecture that is made as a robot.
And here is the best part -- for objects in the shoes -- put up in the sea -- to feed the market life, and they put up in the ground -- help you grow a robot.
The argument for our next explanation is using the same design principles was the solar system.
We looked at the possibility of creating the ability to make life for the interactions for the interactions.
So to do that, we need to give the bacteria and control their flower.
So as the presentation task, we did our own table of electrons, new forms of life created computer, factory forms and artificial form of biological form.
I like to think about the basic biology like the legitimate literature, just that instead of transformative metaphors -- they are sentenced new biological funds within very small ways.
This field is called metaphor.
We put our own 3D cars to control the flow of these climate collaboration clients.
In our first piece of robot, it became two microbes.
The first one is the citizen.
It lives in our oceans and in the subjects of water.
And the second one, the bacteria that you have in the human environment.
You can turn the light in access, the other conversation.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never know.
They are here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of robot.
Think about it as an evolution -- not for natural sector but evolution of design.
In order to tell these relationships -- we've created a single box that is used to the distribution of the distance, which will help you make these bacteria and you get your way to your way.
So we started to make those cases in the human body, looking at the programs of the material in the way that we have to do it with the working form.
So if we wanted more importantly, we designed more transportation.
This straight demand system, when it comes out of one end to another to another to another period -- 60 feet.
This is the half of a flower field and 10 times more than our own desk.
And here it is, as a price in TED -- our first profit photography care carefully with life with life inside the robot.
Thank you.
Mars Santa said, "We are critical companies -- only half is done?
What if the design is going to provide the other human?
And if we could create structures that are going to increase the living matter of it?
And if we could create personal microbes that are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to go up and get our body, and they were going to be our body.
Think about this as a way to avoid biology.
I call this the material economy.
For that, you have to go back to nature.
So now you know that a 3D prison is going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be carefully.
You also know that nature doesn't do it.
I grew up with social supply.
This car of the grandmother, for example, created a completely sophisticated architecture -- a home.
The factory is not going to go to this level.
It does it through the combination of two materials -- but two projects in different countries.
And an act as a structure -- the other one is the painting or the market, using those forces between each other.
And this happens through scale.
So the first state of the first is to get up in the environment, created a terrible structure -- and then it starts to get a piece of company.
The technique and compassion -- the two forces of life, they become a single matter.
With the end of understanding better how this complex process, we put a small image to the head.
We put it into a box with a market with malaria, and that allows us to create this set of points in three dimensions and visit the whole architecture of the state of the side of the side.
However, when you put it on the state of the state in a plant pain, not inside a box -- we realized that it would be a classroom and still material sure that you can be made up there.
So we started to design different antibiotics, different animals, and we've discovered that the shape -- the compassion, the structure of the character, it becomes directly through the environment.
And they often look at the state of state to the death within their characters, his state is developed and used in the typical industry.
We saw that design that we were able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do a single single one.
They were developed by simple, and we could create these things.
So we put this process to the artificial scale.
We had a horrific robot making states of state, and we put up in our system.
We knew that the sea grandmothers are going to go up to more dark and fractures -- so we use a solar distribution of solar robot to reduce the distribution of light and the heat in our structure.
So we created holes or authority, to turn out the rates of light and the cataly, and the classroom of the state on the structure.
We were prepared to get the organizations.
So we asked a bit of six degrees of state to a signal in line.
And after they put them four weeks, they were prepared to live with us.
We put them up in the bottom of the antibiotics, and as they were living up, they were going on, they were going on, they put up, they put them up, and the life starts again, like us, but much, much more short companies.
Boston Florida said that the technology is the great interaction, and it was right.
At the end of the biological state on the middle of the state state, they give this whole pattern in the interview.
And in a little more than two or three weeks or three weeks or a half or three miles old.
In a similar curve, this is also the light of the subject.
The policemen, after the empty, they produce five million tons of children.
And this could be used for 2,000 dollars in the future.
So here are the two lives in the world.
And a piece of state is a red arm -- the other calculation of the southern carbon.
If the last piece of design is to give us life to the products and the buildings that are related to us to form an economy of two materials -- the designers have to join these two lives in the world.
What it takes us back to it, of course, to the beginning.
Here is a new design of design, a new age of design, which brings us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in the design, which is the first time, for the first time, that we make us from nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Let me read your hand if you ever ask them what do you want to be more?
If you had to remember what age they had when you were asked for the first time this?
You can show it with the stores.
three.
Now, let me get your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be more?
It has been able to make some kind of advanced.
Any advantage.
I am somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be more?
The problem wasn't that I had no interest -- but I had too much.
In school I liked the English and the markets and the art sectors and developed the website -- and I took the war in a pain baby called Trade Francisco.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general, I like to try and make sure of all of them to have discovered a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But with time this sense of authority, this sense of automatically, this is no longer a challenge.
And I have to leave it.
But then I was interested in the other thing -- something completely different, and I went up in it, and I left me on it, and I love to go up and I feel like, "You know, I've found the mountain, and then again, this point where I start to get up.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I'd like to figure out something new and different and I would like to get into that.
This pattern causes me a lot of activity, for two reasons.
The first one was because I was not sure how I was going to turn all of this in a car.
I thought I had to choose one thing, to get all of my other patients, and let me go to me.
Another reason why I got so much attention was a little bit more person.
I was worried that there was something bad about this, and something bad in me is not going to define for anything.
I was concerned to have fear to the communication, or to be a desire, or to be a station, or to be a study or my own success.
If you can relationship my story and these feelings -- I would like to ask you something that I would like to have done with you so much.
You can ask themselves where you learn to make the meaning of bad or old to do things.
I will tell you where they learned it from the culture.
We asked us first first what do you want to be more?
When we have about five years old.
And the truth is that nobody care about what they tell that age.
It turns out a question that is going to be able to make food answers in the kids like, "It's a artist, or "I want to be a party."
And you get the discovery of San here.
So this question is a question and again as we grow in different ways -- I was going to -- I went to students of high school -- they ask them that they're going to be able to fight in the universe.
And at some point, what do you want to be more?
It's going to be the end of the experience of before it comes up with the state.
Why?
So if this question is inspired to the kids who could be able to be, not inspired with everything they could be.
In fact, it does just the opposite of it, because when someone asked you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things -- even though you get a good thing, you might go up and say, "Oh, what did you walk on, but you can't be an art of violence and profit.
You have to get it?
This is the Dr. Boobe Chris -- and he is an art of violence and physical thing.
And this friend Neth, and this is Norway recording in anti-interest, company, production and creative direction.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you know is that they are going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of life is very likely in our culture.
It's this idea of the desire or the truth that every one of us has something to do for the time in this land -- and you have to figure out what that thing is that thing and put your life to it.
But if you are someone who is not connected in this way?
What if there are a lot of different issues that are going to leave their control and many different things that want to do?
There is no place for somebody like one in that room.
And so you can feel like that.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal of it.
And feeling there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing bad in you.
You are a music.
And a music is someone with a lot of interest and creative activity.
This is a barrier for it.
It could help you if you get it into three parts -- a potential and your day.
You can also use other terms that take the same idea, as a study, responders.
For the research of the Reserve, the idea was that I was a very beautiful thing in massive distances.
Bareness Santa is about us as a survey?
You use any terms that you like or you want to get your own one.
It seems like a kind of application to a community -- we can't be done with a single idea.
It is easy to see the potential as a light or additional that you need to come in.
But what I've learned to talk to with people and writing about these ideas in my website -- is that there are huge forces to be this way.
So here are three modern supplies.
One of the ideas.
It is to say, the combination of two or more field of something new in the Internet.
Steve Hollywood and Richard Bill turned out their interest companies in car, vision of data of data -- windows, mathematical and design -- when I find Mumanam.
Martin is a company that creates girls invited graphics.
So San and Rosetta was going on this idea of the single idea of the microbes and the experience.
The innovation is happening in the Internet.
There are new ideas.
And the metaphors, with all of their attention, they can access to a great amount of these points of interaction there.
The second position is the quick learning learning of it.
When the motivations are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are used to be principles, to have been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid to test new things and go out of our companies of food.
A lot of skills are transformative to other distributions, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we were going on, so I would just start with a center.
North Dan is a work to a whole long time and strange studying instrument.
And as a young personal child an incredible ability to develop the mobile memory of it.
Now, she is the most quickly known memory.
Before I became written in script, North was a financial planet.
And I had to learn the most final version of the most last version when they started their printing, and this ability helps him write construction forests for the expensive.
It was a little bit of time to go back to what you get to you, even if you get it up to the end of it.
It is possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field in a way that you could not have come back.
The third thing is the advanced thing is analysis. I mean, the ability to transform in anything that you need in a day.
And Christian Canada is sometimes a little bit of videos -- other designers of website, sometimes controlled from King, sometimes marketing, and sometimes at the time, James Boot.
It's worth because it makes a good job.
He is even more valuable because it can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do the needs of the needs of their cells.
The Facebook Firefly defined acceptance as the most important ability for development to predict in the 21st century.
The economic world changed so quickly and implicated that they are the individuals and organizations that can fly to save the needs of the market.
And so you know, I quickly learned and advanced, three skills where the motivations are very hard, and three skills that you could lose if you're prepared to reduce your goal up.
As a society, we have a great interest in feed to the motivations that they're themselves.
We have complex problems right now, and we need creative thinking.
Let's say they are, in your heart -- specialized.
They went out of the fear of the wind by knowing that they wanted to be printed nations.
You don't worry about it, there's nothing bad in you.
In fact, some of the best team are made from a special and a specific music.
The special can be properly and put it into the professional ideas, and the music offer an knowledge of knowledge to project.
It's a beautiful relationship here.
But we should all have to design lives and cars that are going to do with the way we are connected to it.
And by the way, to the mass of a big part of it is that they just are more like their specific companies.
Once he said this, if there is one thing that you get from this talk, I hope that it is this thing, you remember with the Internet, which is what it is.
If you are a heart, then special for all the media.
That's where you will give the best thing.
But for the motivations in the room, including those who were just going to realize to be one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell you, recognize with their own patients.
They continue to go up with the contractors of those consequences.
And so let's take the interested in.
It will open our international device to a more artificial life and happy life.
And perhaps the most important thing -- the world, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In the year, to a woman named Australia they took it to a painting in Francisco.
And I was able to go up and couldn't remember even the most basic details of their life.
His doctor was called Alexanders.
All I didn't know how to help Australia, but I came up by her until I was going to go up in 1995.
And after his death -- Alexander had a collaboration and they found the extraordinary particles and they found in the brain of Australia, from a guy who never had seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If anybody had been living today, we could not give it to her more aid than Alexander gave him 14 years ago.
All of them was the Dr. Allen Alexander.
And Australia Department, the first patient in getting a slide that we now call Alexander disease.
From 1990, the medicine has been accepted a lot.
They have been discovered and vaccines to protect them from the infections, many treatment for cancer, antibiotics for HIV for the characters and much more.
But it has been taken in the treatment of the Arabic.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a culture for the Alexander for more than a decade ago.
So I think about this all the time.
The Arab now affect 40 million around the world.
But in 2010, I will affect 150 million that, by the way, to get a lot of you.
If you hope to live up to the age of 75 or more, the ability to control Alexander will be almost one of every two.
In other words, there is the probability that they spent their years to spend with Alexander or helping a friend or a friend to be wanted to be wanted to do with Alexander.
It's just in the United States, the city of Alexander costs 200 billion every year.
One of five dollars of the medical application is spend in the disease.
Now this is the most expensive disease -- and their cost asked a piece of five times in the year 2010, as I get the generation of the book book.
It may be surprised to you, but the Alexander is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation of us.
But it has been actually done to be able to find it.
Today, one of the 10 of the world's first death cameras around the world, the Alexander is the only one you can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
We understand less than other disease, because we've got less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spend 10 times more every year in the research of cancer.
The lack of resources is to a more fundamental cause -- the lack of control.
Because this is what a little bit of people know, but all the world should be a disease, and we can make it.
For most of the last 14 years, everybody including the scientists -- the scientists -- the scientists who are constantly continued.
We think that it will be seven in a normal and international part of it.
But you just look at a picture of a brain interactive brain in compassion with a patient of Alexander to see the real physical day for this disease.
In addition to destroy a sense of memory of memory and mental skills -- the day to the brain.
And remember, the Dr. Alexander found platforms and strange states in the brain of South African a century.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Now we know that they are made of protein molecules today.
And you can think of a piece of protein as a piece of paper that would be able to be a organization.
There are places in the role that are profits.
And when you put it well, these points are going to end up in the environment.
But sometimes things come wrong -- and some of them are left in the end.
So this makes the protein molecules come up with each other -- making groups that can form great particles and supermarkets.
That's what we see in the brain of patients with Alexander.
We've spent the last 10 years in the University of California trying to understand how this discovery works.
There are a lot of steps -- and the identity of what step based on is complex -- as it will make a book.
It could be able to be able to do anything.
It can be able to be able to be able to be able to make it a little bit.
You have to find the right step that you put it, and then create a drug that you do.
So far, in his greatest part of them have been reduce the cars and hope the best thing.
But now there are a different group of people, doctors, biologists, biologists, computers, physical and mathematics.
And together, we've been able to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's being able to be able to be able to make a new kind of drugs that broke this step to stop the disease.
I'm going to show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened when I was going to try to test these drugs in the glass.
So these are the healthy grandmakers, and you can see that they move with nature.
These grandmothers, by the other hand, they have molecules that are allowed to go inside of them, as in humans with Alexander.
And you can see that they are clearly generally.
But when we give us our new drugs to these grandmasters in a typical state, then we see that they go out and live a normal life.
This is just a positive research result -- but the research like this shows that Australia is a disease that we can understand and control.
After 17 years of hope, there is real hope of what you can get in the next 10 or 20 years.
But so that I grew up that hope, to get the Alexander, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to tell us that Australia is a disease and that if we tried it, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases and the patients and their families have become more research and the pressure of governments about governments -- the physical industry.
That was essential to go into the treatment of HIV at the end of the 1970s.
So today we see that same unit to get cancer.
But the patients of Alexander often can't talk about themselves.
And their families -- the operating violence, collaborations of their people and night, they are often too ready to go out and open for change.
So it really depends on you.
The Archive is not in most cases a genetic disease.
All of the world with a brain goes up the risk of it.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who can't create the change that they need for themselves.
They help them talk about them, and they help you go up with a culture.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times of the New York Times in this year.
In order to look at somebody doing this.
The article is about a physical study -- designed to create a robotic love in the lab, and from my own experience when I was going to test it a night in the last week.
So the program is quite simple -- two strange things are taken to make three more people and more and more people look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions.
Number 12, if you could be able to leave the morning with a quality or ability -- what would it be?
Number 27? When it was the last time that I forget to another person.
Is it just about it?
By the middle of the middle that you get up, these are more and more people.
Number 30 -- -- I really like it.
When I took up with this study a few years ago, a design really called me the attention that two of the parts had been six months later, and invited all of the lab to the crowd.
So it was scaled about this process of making love love, but from then, I was also inviting.
And when I had the chance to test this study -- with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to get up.
You don't know, you know, and   And I thought it was a good story, so I sent it back to the United States.
That was published in engineer, and now it is all an advantage, so I guess some of you probably ask you -- they are going to be allowed to come together -- they come together.
And the reason I think that I think that's because they have been done by this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is exactly what I want to talk to you today.
But let's go back to the issue.
A week before it was going to be able to put the article was very beautiful.
I had been working on a red book in the last few years, so I had been used to write about my experience in the red love in my blog.
But a little bit of blue can get to a few of them like a lot, and those were used only by my friends of Facebook and imagine that my article in the New York Times would be able to probably be a few thousand seen themselves.
And that takes a good amount of attention in a relatively new relationship here.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was published in the line of the night, and already the sand, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the diagram, they had been called the State State and the World Motor Anderson.
In a month, the article got more than eight million viruses -- and I was going to say something, a little bit for this kind of attention.
One thing is to be able to be able to be able to write with survival on our own engineering experience, but another thing is to figure out that life life of one has been an international news --  and the people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship of the world.
And when people call or write what they did every day for weeks, they always made the same question: still keep together, still come together.
In fact, when I was asking this talk, I did a quick search in the box of my emergency with the fatal, and they are still sentence?
And so many messages came up with immediate.
And they were from students and principles and collaboration and collaboration like this.
I was interested in the radio and they asked it.
And even a talk -- I gave a talk -- and a wonderful woman up to the school, "Hey Mars where your neighborhood, right?
And I immediately put it up.
And I understand that this is part of the Internet.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should wait for people to be able to ask about it.
But I was not prepared for the research of the answer.
The 37 questions seem to have been able to have a own life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complex article for San Valley, which including the experiences of the resources to test the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first picture of all this attention was to be very likely with my own relationship to it.
I said that I don't even do that we were going to do a public audience together.
It was recording to television, and they remember the pieces of pictures of us.
I think I had a fear of being able to make it in the international distances of the professional process -- a robot for which I didn't feel about the complete absolute.
And I understand that people didn't want to know that people didn't want to know only if the study worked -- they wanted to know if it was able to produce love love -- not only a advance, but love real love -- I love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer me.
My relationship had a few months a few months, and I felt about all, that people pay the wrong question.
How would we know if we follow together or not, and then you can do it?
If the answer was no, I would do the experience of making these 33 less interesting questions.
The Dr. Arthur Arabic wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1998, and there, the goal of the research was not to produce red love.
Instead of that, I was looking at interactive stations between college students using what they came out with the Arabic Person started, property and responsibility.
It sounds else, right?
But the study does work.
The particles felt more close to doing it. A lot of positive studies also used the Arabic Arab program as a very quick way of creating trust and interaction between extraordinary.
They have used it between the police and the community, and they have used it between people from human political people.
The original version of the history of the story, which I thought the last week -- which is a personal questions with four minutes of visual control -- it was carefully in this article -- but unfortunately, he never published up.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small University of liberal art, and then a student came back to me, and he said to me, and he told me the study and didn't work.
He looked like it for it.
And I mean, you want to say that you get the person with the person who did it?
Well, he made a painting.
I think she only wants to be friends.
And I said, but they became better friends of friends?
Do you feel that I know that you would get better after try to try and figure out the study."
The substance.
So I said, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it is the answer that none of you is looking at when it's about love.
I was taken with the study for the first time when I was 21 and I was getting a really difficult thing.
I had had that relationship since I had 20 -- what I was supposed to especially all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I got in science.
And so I found everything that I could find about the science of the red love, and I expected that that could be able to be able to get the heart.
I don't know if I realized this in the moment I thought I just invented for the book that I wrote but in religious, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was traveling with the knowledge of the robotic love -- I would never have to feel as bad and only as I felt like that.
And all this knowledge has been useful from one or another way.
I'm more patient with love with love -- I'm more related.
I have more trust to explore what I look for.
But I can also see it more clearly -- and I can realize that what I look at is sometimes more than what you can do is that you can explain me.
What I look at from love is a galaxy, not only to be attacked today and to be at all, but it will continue to be invited by the person that I love.
It can be that this is the range that people ask when people wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media came on about three questions is that there may be a little bit to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get in.
There may be a way for some of the mind of the risk -- and this is a very recent story -- because we're going to be able to make us feel wonderful -- but it is also a face.
But I think when it comes from love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I asked -- still keep together, still come together.
And his content with an answer of know or No.
So more than a question, it will be able to do more difficult questions -- questions like, how do you decide who you take your love and who right?
How do you look at the things when things are compared, and how do you know when you can turn and disappear?
How do you live with the individual that included a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the data of your particle?
I don't know necessarily the answer to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more recent conversation about what it means to love somebody else.
So if you want the green version of my relationship of my relationship of my relationship -- this is a year ago, a year ago, and I took a study designed to create robotic love -- we are still coming together, and I'm very happy to us.
But we're going to look at not the same thing that they would look at love.
We're going to be the easy part.
So at the end of my art. The love didn't happen.
We look at it because we take the choice to do it.
And I got a little bit about the reading now, not because it's not true -- but because at the time, there was no conversation everything that makes that choice.
You don't consider how many times to take that decision and how much times you have to keep doing that choice without knowing if he will always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done it and answer 30 questions -- have choose to love to love to someone so genes and a lot of fun and have experienced that choice in the largest day.
But what I've done in change is to become my relationship in the kind of half that I don't really think about.
And what I look at -- and what maybe will spend my life looking for is that that half is true.
And I want the end happy that I want to do in the terrorist of my art, which is, the only part of the article that actually didn't write it.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose to love somebody -- and the hope that he also love to me, and it is an artist, but that's the treatment with love.
Thank you.
I was created by a couple of legs in the mountain and in a certain way that I got as a graph of the forest of it.
The city of New York makes a time.  something that really affect me, but more than it was a bit more designed.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a work of work, and it would take a billion of a dollar -- a platform and a stage in it somewhere in Columbia.
And I thought that some strange humans or a couple of them would find this box about 500 years later, and they learn how our special species are ideas, for example how we take the specific properties.
I had no idea.
All of all, it has thank you, because I'm here -- 30 years later, and I'm still doing countries.
In a moment, I was in Haiti -- I like to go from exception and make it surprise and all those things, and I was doing a car for my mother.
And I took a distance and I took up all the pages and I made a kind of collaboration to the South Angeles to the Arabia Anderson: Martin restone and a little bit off and a little bit of a state.
Well, my mother has fear to the bees and it is access to them, so I get more recent in the fish, thinking I could get it.
In change, it happened the control -- in some way it looks like it was that it would look like, as if it was that you look at the text with a line.
So I did -- I made a little bit more.
This time, I started to add electric elements -- the balls that I was going to find out on the street -- everything I could find out -- because I was looking for things all my life, trying to tell them and tell stories about these objects about them.
So I was going to draw around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can be able to be able to be able to give you the same way that you do around a car in the scene of the crisis.
And I went up with the objects and I created my own amount of species invented in.
First of all, you might be able to make an idea.
And then I did a little bit of interactions and common creatures and completely.
It was very fun. It was very fun to draw in the resources of research.
And it was great, because I started to look at experiments and those things, and I was getting a little bit of money, to take my night to focus for example, for example, going to Sergio.
It was starting, man.
At some point I was interested in the human form of the human form of natural size of human beings within the cars.
It was great, except for one thing -- I looked at me.
I didn't know what to do, because the responsibility was going to kill me.
And I went to the field every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use video.
I started to draw in the video cameras, similar to the drawing in a window -- then in another sea, and another sense, and I had all these questions together that they were going to be a traditional compassion.
And this really worked -- and so I could stop using the research.
And so I did this for years, and my work would be common with something very big, which I call "The "The "The "The Taliban.
For the statement.
Do you know that?
Well, it's a fantastic block.
They say that it's a little bit.
Well, the statement." I'll tell you this piece of it.
It costs 11 miles ago.
Five meters long.
It has a document for what they're 10 meters of conversation.
It's a little bit right.
Well, that's the source of blood back.
On the left -- it's Jesus and the landscapes.
There is a key where all these creatures with animals are going to travel between two world.
They go out of the world in the world, to this kind of antibiotic market where they get up.
This is where the creatures with the animals of animals are given to the favor, ready to be able to stay in the ocean.
The ocean is full of thousands of elements of elements there.
So this is a young guy who was a pain at a beach.
Bill Grandmother is in the sea -- the Hollywood -- the Hollywood plant of the drone, Wall, the Republic Big Laboratory Laboratory, there are all kinds of different things that can find if they look very well in the ocean.
All of us are a kind of material.
It's coming out of the ocean -- and I put oil in one hand while the other hand was going to get boards.
Their hands are like balls and it looks like a microbes that keep the Earth and the food in the control.
So it's a subject of the station?
It's a little bit of a nation.
That's the hand in which I went on.
And then when you go to the other side, you have a transportation, like a piece of pain, and you put off this transportation.
It also has a 10 meters later, a little bit of service than the station.
All of all, your village is going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
I don't know why this happened.
You know, you know, you know.
And his skin ended up in a color of collaboration made of the terrorist of the TED transportation.
Have you seen them.
They had been done in the 19th century, as if they were the balloon shortcomers.
All right.  This leads me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects -- one is called "people?
It's about a six years to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is a craft of our culture -- through media and material is energy, or details.
But every single thing as a kind of architecture in a way of being human -- and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at the time.
They are like cells -- they get together, they are disappointed.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a piece of microbes that it costs 120 miles with a human human in their environment.
This one has a little piece in the chip.
That's the head -- it's the film, you can get into the entrepreneur.
I will take you through the rest of the body, there is a car that comes out of the character, and that I put it into the person or nothing, or what you have is that you have, a kind of anti-prototype thing.
This is a quick thing of these work because I can't tell you for a long time.
We have capitals, you can see.
This is a body.
So this has two head, and it's being communicate between the two.
There are a little bit of patterns that come out and go into the head of this strange state.
There is a little bit of the farmers within the digital quality of the market.
Can you see it?
All of all, this talk is about these parents, like the box that we live in.
We're in a box -- the solar system is a box.
This leads me to my last box to me.
It's a back box called Pennsylvania.
In this box there is a physics -- a phone, a phone, a station, a station, a station, a station, a school, a school, a school, a school arm that defines all the content that we do in the world, and a galaxy.
We get the box and all of the people in front of a few of them with some of them like particles as well.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you remember who is and the box you're living in.
And together we get to realize that all of us are together in this, that this idea that we are different -- these questions of the countries of the countries, the religious, it doesn't work.
We are all very made of the same material and in the same box.
And if we didn't start to increase those things with distribution and people we are all going to die very quickly.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give them your head.
They take a supply.
But so that this piece has an effect against the pain -- first goes through the stage, the instruments and the other.
You take a pattern is the most effective system and you have to make any substance in the body.
The device, yet it is that when you bring it up with any drug dramatic driver.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV with HIV.
When they take an artificial drugs -- these are going to stop the amount of virus in the blood -- and increase the record of Colombia cells.
But they are also known by their own high school effects -- in their most negative, because in the time they were going to get to the blood card, they are disappeared, and worse even for the time that they were going to get to their desire, which is where it's more important -- in the detail of HIV determinist.
These are the rules of the body like the limited gas, the nervous system, the neurons, the northest, where the virus is inviting and not even in the blood sea of the patients that are going to take up to the third record with artistic doctors that are sentence.
However, after the treatment of the treatment -- the virus can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make new blood cells.
This is the great problem of the HIV treatment with the activity of the activity that is a treatment of life that is an architecture of the open area.
One day, I sat up and I thought, "We could make the treatment directly to the distribution of the virus -- without the risk of democracy democracy?
As a scientific experience, the answer was in front of me, the leaders, of course.
If you use it in order, for the city of horses and surgery of diagrams, you can use for anything imagine -- including the interaction of the doctors of the doctors of the democracy.
In fact, we are already using a little bit of ready to open up or provide extremely small holes -- which will take up and close almost immediately the cells.
The best thing you say, "How is that possible?
We sent a small and powerful thing to be able to be able to read about the HIV method by HIV while these cells are interested in a language that comes out of the fraction.
And the leadership is the cell.
Before you even realize it, the hole is represented by incredible.
We are going to be able to do this technology in the shoe or in Paris, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, apply it to the human body.
"How is that possible. You can ask it.
Well, the answer is, through a three head.
With the first head -- which is our food, we will make an influence in the system.
The second head -- which is a camera -- it goes up to the site of information.
And finally, the third head -- an environment that makes the fraction, and it took it directly in the site of the infection, as the language is used to keep the open cells.
Well, this doesn't look like a lot of time.
But one day, if it has success -- this technology can lead to the total theory of HIV in the body.
Yeah. A curve for HIV for HIV
This is the dream of everything research in our case, in our case, a treatment with it.
Thank you.
In the last decade -- I have been studying the graduate groups -- not statistically, artists like terrorists, interactive or millions.
You do what these groups do when you are not desperate.
My goal is to understand the best things of the violence and study ways to increase the transition of the violence of violence to the face of violence.
I do work in the world, in the world of politics and in the library.
And to understand these groups is key to solve almost every single conversation in course because the war has changed.
It used to be a device between state.
I don't know.
Now it's a conversation between the states and artists not government.
For example, in the 21st of the passion participants between 1999 and 99 percent of it was taken between a state and a transportation area.
So we need to understand these groups -- we even have to get them into or put them into any process of successful conversation.
But how do you do that?
We have to know what it is to know about these organizations to these organizations to do.
We know very well the reasons why they do, how they do it, but no one analysis what they do when they don't pass.
The statistic star and the politics don't relate to relationships.
It's all part of the same organization in the same organization of it.
We can't understand these groups -- not a lot less than that, without a global view.
The graduate groups today are complex organizations today.
For example, the Laboratory London, known by their wind front against Israel.
From his creation in the 19th century, Hollywood also has become a political party, a network of social services and a military supply.
In the same way, the Harvard Park, known by their substance surveys against Israel, as well.
So these groups do more than just to be discovered.
They're multiply.
They put a whole bunch of communication companies, statistics of the terrorist, stranger sides of the Internet.
And here you have the DNA record in English and published to get up.
The graduate groups are also involved in a whole bunch of forests without standards, but by the beautiful business business -- for example, companies of building.
These activity are key to them.
They allow them to allow these groups to increase their fisheries, to increase their faces, to get better and build their face.
The graduate groups are also doing something else, they create more strong things with their population to send in social services in social services in social services of it.
They build schools -- they build hospitals, they put it in a professional program of professional form or the motor.
Hollywood offer all these services and more.
The graduate groups are also trying to focus to the population of something that the state is not being and security and protect and project.
The supply of the tables in an Afghanistan discovered by the war or even the beginning of the Stanford school, it can also understand the effects of these groups to make sure security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, the security has an amazing price for the population.
But in general services that are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go up with the government, and they allow them to go to these groups to be able to go and increase their power.
For example, the electric violence of 2004 is not able to understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex school, even in the West when we look at the grandmother groups -- we just think of the visual side.
But that is not enough to understand the forces of these groups -- the structure or the long-term view of it.
These groups are honest.
They grew up because they were going to be left by the government -- and they go up as the graduate and political groups -- they are involved in the visual fight and they give graphics.
And the more complex and the surprising and the software are these organisms -- the less we can call them as something else to a state.
How do you call a group like Mars?"
They are going to do part of a terrorist, and they take all their work, they remember the basis, they get the statistically straight system.
Is it a state." Is it a green group."
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is Americans?
The lines are going on.
We live in a world of states without state and hospitals, and the more useful is the states -- like in the Middle East Earth, the more they get and they find that gap the activities of the notes.
This is important for governments because to go to these groups will have to invest more in tools not millions.
It will take that government of government has to be in the center of any sustainable approach to it.
This is very important as well.
If we understand better to the grandmother groups -- we will understand better what they need to be able to figure out the transition of violence to the violence of violence to it.
In this new device between states and activity -- the military power can get a little bit of bases, but we're not going to give us a bit of statistics.
In order to get these objects in a long way to feed that security value, to feed that group of government that allows these groups to pay in a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a factory as a woman and as a factory.
My opinions on the middle of the gender are severe, but I fear that I would accept the landscape of the "slightly, it would be interesting for factors.
I'm familiar, but pretty bad.
And so I got a bad thing.
Or, at least I wrote an article -- and a book called "The "beginning, and then in the interviews, people started to call the Mainty Facebook.
So what I started like as a personal ball designed to myself and a developed program, has become something bigger in something else.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was a young one, I was going on in my car and at the age of 20 years old, and I had a strange ideas about the factors, these parallel women and the men who were going to get the sex -- as if that was a bad thing.
Today, I see how the women are treated all over the world and the work, in particular, it looks like a perfectly reasons.
But at the time, I was worried about the top that I was using the people who could be able to be fascinated.
It's going to be a film as a factory was a continuous, a word and developed word.
And I was taken as a woman who doesn't go up the rules -- that I asked too much of them -- and it takes up to believe that it is just like a man.
No one wants to be that black woman -- until you realize that it's actually that woman and can't imagine to be another person.
With the time, as I was growing up, I began to accept that I am in fact, in fact, family, in fact, in fact, to be.
For me, certain architects are attention, women are equal to men.
We take the same used by the same work.
We have right to travel through the world as we want it, and you get it out of it or violence or violence.
We have right to use it in easy way, and it takes the advances and the resources and the resources and the resources and the resources and the resources and the resources and the resources and the resources and the resources and the resources and the resources and the resources and the resources and the resources and the resources and the resources and the resources and the resources and the
We have the right to decide about our bodies without the need of the religious controls or the educational doctors.
We have the right to the answer.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have to get our other ideas.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body -- relationship and service and sex and sensory -- social and a lot more.
We have to have these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matter what we have in common one.
And without this kind of include -- our family is not anything.
For me, these truth are evolutionary, but to be clear -- I'm a desire.
I'm full of controls.
There are a lot of things that make me a bad family.
I have another contract.
When I turn on the work, I listen to a lot of paper that I hear to all of them.
Even though I read to women and I get deep -- the climate "Star Santa Santa Sanda is amazing.
"I want to do it with your correct car.
He was like, done, move up until you get the context, the context.
Think about it.
You could be possible, right?
I am completely limited by my musical likes for me.
I believe in the work of the man, which is all that I don't want to do, including -- -- -- -- -- -- all the dominant tasks, but also to kill insects -- the carbon reaction, the city of the character and the magic metal.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
This is my favorite value.
And the definition of the models and the black things.
And I can see "The Bangladesh and the red communications, and I have a lot of activity of the hospitals that are getting reality.
Some of my details are more discovered.
If a woman wants to apply the approach of his husband -- it's his choice -- and I'm not who to get to the random.
If a woman decided to go home to create their children, I accept that choice as well.
The problem is not that it becomes an economic evolution through this same choice -- the problem is that our society is controlled so that the women will be evolved by the women when they choose to.
We solve this problem.
Reminders the connection that has been invited or depressed the needs of the color women -- the workers, the hospitals and the transformation, the favorite women of white women and the middle of the middle and the hand of the method.
You know, if that is a very bad.
It also happens the next thing -- as a factory, I feel a lot of pressure as well.
We have this technology to put factors in a painting.
We hope that they want to stay to the perspective.
When you tell us, we will get them up with a lot of like the same paper where we put them.
So as I said, I'm a desire -- I already think about that paper before they try to put out there.
So too much women, particularly the innovations and the leaders of the secret -- they have a fear of being used as factors.
They have a fear of painting and say, "Yes, I am a family, for fear to what it means in the fear of the fear to not be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
Let's take for example, or like I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a developed family.
In the Mountain Mountains America in MR: Mississippi in the word for the word "Firefly, three meters of a hand.
It was a massive specific space, to see this piece of the power to open up the factory and make the women and the young men who will be familiar is something to be proud to be.
And I spent the time, the cultural crisis began to be interactive designers if Berlin was or not probably fascinating.
They called their family, instead of just to believe the word of an American woman and a market.
We were going to be part of the families, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need a lot of controlled so much.
We're going to go up with a lot beyond the sense of sense of feeling and construction, to design the members of any woman -- to do it until you don't know anything.
We don't need to do that.
The bad family, or more well -- a more attention is the point.
But what's going on.
We were able to recognize our impacts to give them together, going to the action and being a little more valuable.
If I listen to a magic music -- I'm creating a democracy for artists that would be more happy than happy to provide a food supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their song until we are going to take the change by taking up the change of the changes.
It is hard.
Why does their music be so prepared."
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to be able to play a worst choice.
But when bad decisions are driving that it makes it more difficult for women to get the immense, the quality that we all look and is our responsibility to us.
I think of my states, three and four years.
This is two girls -- they decided and broads, and also very valuable. I want you to grow in a world.
And you get up with the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, of a sudden the best choice would look like something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the box when a television program is going to the sexual violence against women as definition, and it goes up the Texas Telescope.
We can change the risk of radio when we listen to cars that treat women like anything.
We can spend our money to go to the character in another part when the movies don't treat the women more than the designer objects as well.
We can stop to support the properties where the artists are going to try to be in their colleagues as a balloon situation.
In any case, the men, especially the white men can say, "No, I'm not going to put it on his record, and I will be working on your project, or work with you, until it doesn't even include a enough number of women, so much to pay as to make decisions to take decisions to you.
I'm not going to work with you until your public -- or your organization is more including with a more amazing game.
Those of us who are surprised but invited to participate in this kind of projects -- we can also allow us to be connected until more like us are good to support the barriers to the decisions of design.
Because we are not a lot of professionals -- without these efforts, without adding these possibilities. Our dots are going to mean very small.
We can eat these small act of value and wait for our decisions to get to the final, and the people in the human power and production and music, Chinese and music, the revolutions, the people who can take big decisions -- more valuable, to create a hard and significant change.
We can also be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a green.
The last line of my book Mars, says, "I will be a bad force to not be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons -- but I say, about all, because I love my voice to me and the family helped me to find it.
There was an incident.
I call it interactive to make what happened.
And a few girls gave me when I was very young and I didn't know that kids can do this to a child.
They were like, as if it was nothing.
I started to believe that it wasn't anything.
And then I went back my voice and after all I don't love to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing me.
And with it came back to me.
I became a more strong version of myself.
And the words of those women who could understand a story like the morning, and the women who look like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the sea skin in this world.
The words of the women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned how to write like them, and then I learned how to write like me.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful than you can measure it.
So through the written and the factory, I also discovered that if it was a little bit of virus, another woman could go up and look at and see that none of us is the nothing that the world is trying to say we are.
In one hand, I have the power to do anything else.
And in the other hand, I get the hard reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad family, I'm a good woman -- I'm trying to improve my way to think about what I say and what I do and what I do, without making everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we could all be a little bit, when you need to have a little bit of a value.
Right after American last year, 17,000 children in California. They had sex to have seen Department or because they would have been there.
The virus then took the face with Canada, including more than 100 children in Tomorria.
One of the traditional things of this barrier is that the surgery that it can be fundamental for a child with a girl system, it's one of the most easy diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than a half a century, but many of the children involved in the Darwin Bangladesh had not been volunteered because their parents had fear of something even worse -- antibiotics.
But a moment, it was not the article that causes the police on the audience and the devices and developed and developed and market for being a developed device by the Mars Mexico Beat?
Do you not believe most of the smart scientists that the theory that the drugs can cause air is a statement?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents all over the world are going to be taking out that the values are going to put their kids out of their children to have automatic.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the architects of the increase in time.
For most of the 20th century, the audience became a very rich disease.
So the few proteins and particles that I had heard of her to create all their professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades.
But then at the age of 1998, the numbers began to get up.
Organizations of forest resources like South Stanfording will be recognized by the audience as an experiments.
What's going on?
If you're not the videos, what is it?
And if you ask people about the center of the University of Arabic disease what's going on, they tend to stay in the front of the prisoners as a distance of distance, and a better definition of cases, to explain these critical firefly.
But that kind of language is not a lot of the texts of a young mother that I looked at in the face of his two years of two years, the visual control.
If the drugs of drugs had to get up, why were they so recognized to the principle."
Why were the cases of the artists that are so difficult to find before the 1990s.
five years ago, I decided to discover the answer to these questions.
I learned that what happened is less than what happened to do with the heart of the science and the science of science that with the power power of nature.
For most of the 20th century, the doctors told a story about what the audience is and how you discovered it, but that story turned out to be a failure, and the conditions of the same are having a direct impact in the global public health of the global public health.
There was a second higher story of the audience that had lost and forget in the dark languages of the climate line.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with an individual printing, I read King King, I read King King, from the hospital John Harry, in 1999, and Kan published an article that he described 11 young patients that seem to have been presented by the people in their around, even their own parents, even their own parents, even their own parents, even their own parents, even their own parents, even their own parents
They could be fun for hours for the hands of their face, but they were pressure of the role for the mentors as when he didn't put their favorite application in their head place without knowing them.
On the base of the patients they were trying to be able to do in their car, Kan special that the audience is very right.
For the 1990s, as a authority of the world in the subject in the system, it would have seen that there were less than 150 true cases of his sea while I was recognizing places of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not going to be exploring, because the Christmas crisis for the audience of the audience were very relationships.
For example, I was going to give you that slide to children with compassions, but now we know that the experiment is very common in the audience.
One time he had become the fact that he had turned up to nine percent of every 10 children sent by other doctors to their contractor to be authoritarians without giving them a distribution of authority.
Kather was a smart man -- but part of their theory were not carefully.
It costs the audience as a form of individual practice for free parents and states.
These kids, he said, they've been taken up in a recording that not delivered.
At the same time, Boring noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that are application in certain areas like music and mathematics.
One of the kids in his clinical could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite discovery, he was certainly said, "Look.
But Kather had a bad opposite of these skills -- taking things like the kids were just studying what they had heard of their favorite parents who had been able to keep their approach.
As a result of a result, the audience became a source of fish for the family, and two generation groups were sent to institutions for their own well, by building into the world for the world.
Surprisingly, it wasn't until the 1990s that the research started to test the theory of Kan that the audience was right.
London William, productive protein of London, I thought the theory of the Nick mothers of Kan was pretty supposed.
And she and his wife was going to be clean and addiction, and they had a deep artist called Santa.
London and John knew the hard thing that it was to create a child like Scott without superich services, without special education, and no access to other resources without a distribution.
In order to give up to the National version of health that they needed more resources for the artists and their families and his family and his colleagues and his colleagues Department decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They were going to have a study of architecture in the general population.
They had a book of London called Cambridge to try to find the children in the community.
What you saw is that the Mountain model was too limited -- because the reality of the audience was much more complicated and fun.
Some children could not talk at all.
In other ways, these kids don't find out in the white blood and surprisingly, as he said Japan, and they saw a lot of them -- much more than the moral model of Kan would have come back.
At the beginning, they were lost by trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been done from these kids before.
But then I found a record to a public article at 1990, the next year at Kenya, the next year to Kanzi, and then then he came up, and then then they forget, under the continents of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember it.
Katheria knew about this article of compassion -- but I was able to be able to make it in their own work.
There was not even a tradition to English -- but by the way, the Mars Martin talked about, and he brought it up for it.
The doctor offer an alternative story of the audience.
His car was a man called Hans Space, who would take a clinical school with an interesting school in the 1970s in the 1990s.
The ideas of Space for the team of children with learning of learning was even properties even for the controlled statistics.
The morning in his cell started with a lot of explorations with music, and the kids follow their games by the air.
Instead of controlling the parents to cause autism, application as a political distribution of life that I had to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to support for the course of the entire life.
Instead of treat the kids in their climate as patients -- Asia called them their little programs, and it was ready to help in the development of education that were especially available for them.
Fortunately, I looked at the audience as a diversity of fun that was going to make an amazing variety of data and distribution.
He believed that the audience and the artists were common and they were always being common and they were always -- looking at some of this conference in architecture known in the public culture like the social social science and the design design.
He was beyond it even to say, that for the success in science and art -- a piece of audience is essential to it.
Linda and John found that Kan was wrong as the audience was interesting, as well as parents were the careers.
In the next few years, they were working on the State American American Arabia, to increase the distributions of the distribution that will be able to do the diversity of what they called "slightly."
At the end of the 80 and the early 1990s, their changes came up with violence, using the limited model of Kan for a strange and even analysis.
These changes were not going to go into the right side.
Clearly, when London and John would be working between the barriers to reduce these crimes, people from all around the world will see an open architecture for the first time.
Before the Manhattan Man: only a little critical -- it was just a little critical -- I knew what was the authority, I knew what was the authority, but after the individual Arabia account of Discovery Harries like Ross Bank and Republic Mark, with four private privates of the American, participations, personalities, and parents of everybody knew what the audience was about.
At the same time, they went up with the first clinical trials of using the authority to distribute the authority.
I should no longer have a connection with that little creature of experts to get a slide for his child.
The community of "The "Bar Manhattan, the changes in the crisis and the interaction of these trials created a network.
The number of drugs started to get up, like London and Jewish, in fact expect that it was, to get the people with authority and their families finally had the support and the services that they were done.
So Andrew Wall was going to put up to the vaccines for the distribution in the diagrams. A simple -- a simple story, and the survival story is as bad as the British theory that the audience was interesting.
If the current station of the pressure of the evidence that one of the 1990s in the United States are in the space, it's right -- the artists are one of the largest microbes in the world.
In the last few years, people have been used in the Internet to reduce the idea that they are the patterns to solve by the new medical and when the term terms of the technology to celebrate the variety of human conversation.
A way to understand neurons is to think about terms of human human systems.
The fact that a Pole does not work with Williams, it doesn't mean it's robot.
In the artists articles, the normal human brain is easy distribution, and it was a social sound and a little bit of attention.
However, people have hard to live in a world not built for them.
60 years later, we're still walking to South, that I believed that the community for the most amazing aspects of artists are found in the understanding of the social companies, employees with capability, and the parents in the potential of their children.
A friend woman called Gates Kansas said once again, we need all the hands in order to go out of the barrier of humanity?
As we move into a future future, we need all the forms of human intelligence in the planet to make the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't allow us to have a brain.
Thank you.
